With the resolve of 125 crore countrymen, for the sake of 125 crore countrymen, with the sacrifice and austerity of 125 crore countrymen and we know what is the power of collectivity.
An exhibition on state-of-the-art or futuristic technologies and space exploration will be held which will present an appropriate vision of the future of space travel.
He popularised India's musical traditions globally.
During the meeting, the Prime Minister urged the players to use technology to improve their performance.
Institutions also contributed to it in a big way.
He said that PSUs have contributed significantly to nation building and the country's economy since independence.
He said India is currently ranked third in the Power Rankings in the 2018 report of the World Travel & Tourism Council.
Our bilateral defence cooperation is based on strong mutual trust.
In June 2015, I had the opportunity to welcome you in India.
BHIM stands for Bharat Interface for Money.
The Indian community in Portugal has been instrumental in deepening our bilateral relations.
He underlined that the project was approved in January 2015 and is now available for use.
He said he was committed to providing affordable healthcare to the poor and middle class.
My best wishes to the countrymen on the auspicious festival of Basant Panchami.
He congratulated the people of Kashi for the warm welcome accorded to French President Emmanuel Macron.
He hoped that the government would soon achieve the target of 100% rural road connectivity.
The expectations of the country at this time, the feelings of passing something, are also natural.
The Prime Minister also said that these facilities will also attract tourists.
Regional and international cooperation will be helpful in furthering such actions.
He reiterated India's commitment to a strong and robust bilateral policy partnership with the United States.
As part of this, the government has started training one lakh masons.
Countries that leave behind their heritage also lose their identity.
The Japan Plus system has also helped in the process of cooperation.
Women are strong, now they are also becoming armed.
"The benefits of India's success are also available to our partners!
We understand the need to take urgent measures to prevent the spread of terrorism, extremism and violent extremism.
I will also address a public meeting.
We will strive tirelessly for our socio-economic upliftment in all possible ways.
Under this programme, about 10 million households have been provided with gas connections in just seven months.
He called on the people of Pakistan to ask their rulers to fight against corruption and counterfeit notes.
There are several important features of this metro project.
Recently, our country's beloved poet Neeraj ji left us.
But someone has to take this decision for the sake of the country.
It is inspired by the teachings of truth of Gautama Buddha and Mahatma Gandhi.
His contribution is highly valued in India and the United Arab Emirates.
The Prime Minister laid the foundation stone of pipeline and road projects.
The Prime Minister said that the last few years have been golden for the relations between the two countries.
Our players gave a great performance and on the basis of this, India has become the Asia Cup champion after ten years.
You may recall that India's performance at the Asian Games this time was also excellent.
I would also like to express my gratitude to UNCTAD for taking this initiative of India forward with strength and playing an active role in bringing it to this form.
Any accumulation of waste or dirt within the four walls of these places is considered impure.
The Prime Minister encouraged the Assistant Secretaries to imbibe the best from their experiences while engaging with various Ministries in the times to come.
My dear countrymen, Namaskar.
He urged all the officers to accelerate the adoption of Government e-Marketplace (GIM) in their respective departments.
The government has set a target to expand piped natural gas to 10 million households in the next five years.
This reduces their productivity.
Chief of the Army Staff General Dalbir Singh was present on the occasion.
He will address a public meeting.
He was the first Indian to travel the world alone, carrying a small boat without any modern technology.
He expressed happiness that the states are now organizing investor conferences.
The Prime Minister said India will celebrate the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi from 2nd October.
From a foreign investor's point of view, India is considered an extremely low-risk political economy.
He told the students that they should think of innovative solutions to the problems faced by the people.
At the same time, a scheme was launched to unearth black money.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has welcomed and conveyed his best wishes to all the teams participating in the FIFA U-17 World Cup.
The Prime Minister will also address a public meeting.
His father is a labourer while his mother works as a fish vendor.
This in itself is a living example of a changed environment.
He reiterated Shri Inamdar's mantra of "Without Sanskar, No Sahakar."
The decision should come within six months during the fast track process.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to Mahatma Gandhi and Lal Bahadur Shastri on their birth anniversaries.
It was during his tenure that the timing of the presentation of the budget was changed.
Some people told me that a few days ago, in Jabalpur, Madhya Pradesh, more than three lakh people joined the cleanliness campaign at once.
He said that our universities need to move from traditional teaching to innovative learning.
India has always been a motivating factor for others in terms of intellectual ability and enterprise.
That is why so many letters have come about agriculture.
Sitting together and accepting the langar aroused a sense of unity and equality among the people.
All these are aimed at bringing about sweeping changes in the country and paving the way for the creation of a 'New India'.
48. Together, we will build an India that is clean, healthy and fulfils the dream of Swaraj.
1. Exchange and training of doctors, officials, other health professionals and specialists.
He said that this event has been organized to honour the women Sarpanches who have contributed immensely to the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan.
He described the Constitution as the soul of our democratic framework.
Our soldiers also did yoga in Siachen where the temperature is minus 20, 25, 40 degrees.
In response to a question from a team working on creating rural digital entrepreneurship, the Prime Minister said that it is important to create an India where there is equal opportunity for all.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will attend the Annual Conference of Directors General of Police at BSF Academy, Tekanpur, Madhya Pradesh, on 7th and 8th January.
A number of aspects emerged that could certainly be of benefit to the students.
Under this, we offer about 700 scholarships annually for studies in Sri Lanka and India.
Reiterating his vision, the Prime Minister said that facilitators are a strong and important part of promoting bilateral relations between the regions and provinces of the two countries.
It was because of great people like him that India got independence.
The salient features of this tunnel are as follows:
The new Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code will make it easier for investors to exit their businesses.
The freedom struggle is more connected to the spirit of our people.
The Administrative Council reviews the work done during the past year and deliberates on future development priorities.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Thursday evening reviewed the progress of the Namami Gange programme.
He also said that the central government takes decisions keeping in mind the national interest and not for political gains.
In fact, the 1.25 billion people of India have the same affection for the people of Japan.
He asked NITI Aayog to take follow-up action with the states on the actionable points suggested within three months.
Prime Minister Abe and I never miss an opportunity to meet each other.
He said that the common man and traders will definitely benefit from this innovative decision.
It has received wings from our democratic traditions, which strengthen the spirit of entrepreneurship with an emphasis on both wealth and value creation and seek modernisation for the prosperity of its economy.
Most of the complaints are related to poor service quality, connectivity, and service interruption of landline connections.
I bow to all those heroes with all my heart and respect.
There is a need to create mapping related to disasters like earthquakes we need to have widely accepted standards and norms.
Chief Ministers and senior officials of these states were also present in the meetings.
In the 23rd meeting today, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards handling and resolution of consumer-related grievances.
Every assistance is being provided to the state government to deal with this crisis.
It was Atal ji's unparalleled leadership that laid the foundation for a strong, prosperous and inclusive India of the 21st century.
If we are not able to manage this progress in planning and implementation, the human and economic losses from the disaster will be greater than before.
According to UNCTAD's World Investment Report, India is still one of the top FDI destinations in the world.
This number is expected to double in the next 10 years.
This Rudraksha will be a garland of affection from Japan for Varanasi.
Specific action plans are being prepared and implemented at the local level.
Training for employment and self-employment is being imparted with an aim to meet the aspirations of the youth for a better life.
A 'New India' is emerging.
The Prime Minister welcomed the leaders of the BRICS and BIMSTEC families ahead of the summit.
Calling for a focus on preventive healthcare, the Prime Minister said that Swachh Bharat Abhiyan is an important step in this direction.
It was conceived by Prime Minister Abe and I when we visited Varanasi together in 2015.
46. Together, we will build an India that is free from terrorism, communalism and casteism.
In this regard, he talked about India's digital infrastructure and its interfaces including Aadhaar, UPI, e-NAM, and GeM.
We people say very naturally - unity in diversity, characteristic of India.
He requested the children that the praise and fame you are getting should not become a hindrance in your future progress.
Under the 'Ayushman Bharat Yojana', the government of India and the insurance company will together spend 5 lakh rupees in 1 year for the treatment of about 10 crore families i.e. about 50 crore citizens.
Therefore, the Swachh Bharat Mission - the quest for a Swachh Bharat - is linked to beliefs and spirituality in our country.
He said that these noble deeds require close coordination and constant monitoring.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted all citizens on National Voters' Day.
For this purpose, we have launched the "Make in India" campaign.
His indomitable courage is a source of inspiration.
India's biggest tax reform i.e. GST has been implemented recently.
The Prime Minister will also visit an exhibition at Rajpath Lawns on the occasion.
Given the global uncertainties, India needs energy security.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will inaugurate a section of the new Magenta Line of the Delhi Metro on 25 December.
Shri Narendra Modi will launch the mass e-Gruh Pravesh of 25,000 beneficiaries under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana through video conferencing.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to the cyclone in Tamil Nadu.
The earth is our mother and we are her sons.
Talking about the importance of water conservation, he said that the people of Kutch understand its importance very well.
He had also released a commemorative postage stamp on the occasion.
They have unique powers and insights.
Noted nationalist and Tamil poet Subramania Bharati has been noted for his revolutionary poem Pudumai Penn, New Women and Women's Empowerment.
We have a strong and favourable investment policy framework to promote domestic hydrocarbon production.
The UAE is one of our most valued allies in a significant part of the world, and a close friend.
What goals can the gems and jewellery industry set for itself by this date?
The Maratha Navy was responsible for the protection of these forts.
We will also encourage and facilitate trade and industry between the two countries to increase the quality and volume of bilateral trade.
He urged people to use the BHIM app and adopt cashless transactions.
Referring to the achievements in the field of sanitation, the Prime Minister said that since 2014, the coverage of clean areas has increased from 40 per cent to 80 per cent.
"Tributes to Mahatma Phule on his birth anniversary.
Start-ups are exempt from paying income tax for 3 years.
We look forward to increasing investment in next-generation infrastructure, including roads, ports, railways, airports, telecommunications, digital networks, and energy.
In fact, we have now entered what many have dubbed the 'Asian Century'.
He distinguished himself as a hardworking and people-friendly administrator, both in the Delhi government and at the Centre.
Our defence scientists have also made India proud.
But the situation in most of the houses is that the umpires are more disturbed than the players.
This will not only improve our refining and processing capacity, but also allow for timely and efficient project completion.
Addressing a public meeting, the Prime Minister described water as a gift from nature.
He noted with great concern the growing threat of terrorism and violent extremism and its universal reach.
This is the vision shared by me, President Xi, and Prime Minister Li.
It has become the world's main growth engine.
The transport sector will undergo a huge transformation after the adoption of electric vehicles in the next few decades;
The Prime Minister said steps such as the Pradhan Mantri Surakshit Matritva Abhiyan and Mission Indradhanush have played an important role in reducing mortality.
The passing away of Mr. Hawking is sad.
This is how he brought our beloved tricolour closer to the masses.
It is the responsibility of all of us countrymen to keep historical heritages safe and clean.
He said that Lok Adalats can play a major role in expeditious disposal of cases pending with the judiciary.
He also encouraged the teachers to bring digital transformation in their schools and surroundings.
He said this would be a tribute to Mahatma Gandhi on his 150th birth anniversary in 2019.
The Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone of a 425 km long railway track doubling project on the Jhansi-Manikpur and Bhimsain-Khairar sections.
In Singapore, I will focus on enhancing India-Singapore partnership in the areas of fintech, skill development, urban planning, and artificial intelligence.
"I extend my best wishes to all of you on National Voters' Day.
The Prime Minister participated in detailed and separate review meetings on the flood situation in the states of Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur and Nagaland throughout the day.
They will provide certificates to the beneficiaries of various schemes.
This reflects India's desire to set global standards.
We are proud to be the global host for World Environment Day 2018.
Our partnership in the energy sector is an important bridge in our engagement.
He was the architect of the re-establishment of diplomatic relations between India and Portugal.
The Prime Minister said that it is his vision for development that all these states are making rapid progress.
In fact, the incident was not only underestimated but was also an attempt to hurt our self-esteem.
He said that it is our collective responsibility to save Mother Earth.
He congratulated all those associated with the construction of this statue.
The Prime Minister said that India considers Israel an important partner in our path to sustained high growth and inclusive development.
The Prime Minister stressed the importance of maintaining "zeal" in the cooperative movement, which he said still persists to a large extent in rural areas.
The Prime Minister said that the freedom struggle became a people's movement due to the efforts of Mahatma Gandhi.
Addressing a huge crowd in Ahmedabad, Prime Minister Narendra Modi spoke of the high ambition and willpower of a "New India."
As of August this year, 290 million such accounts have been opened in Indian banks.
The Prime Minister appreciated how poor women have fought all odds with confidence and fortitude.
The tenth Guru of the Sikhs - Guru Gobind Singh has been a source of inspiration for the people through his teachings and ideals.
He said that during the last three to three and a half years, the central government has worked to fulfil that vision of social democracy.
Sulagitti Narasamma was an assistant helping pregnant mothers and sisters in childbirth.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that we should think about how research can help our farmers.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the Assistant Secretaries Programme provides an opportunity for junior and senior officers to interact with each other.
Respected Chairman, On behalf of the House and the countrymen, many congratulations and best wishes to you!
Foreign direct investment in India was at its highest level in 2015-16 while the rate of FDI in the world has fallen.
Being a market economy, our needs and strengths complement each other.
Similarly, when you are strong as a country, you can be peaceful with everyone.
Support in the development of human resources and health services and the establishment of health facilities.
Since its inception, more than 7 lakh poor patients have been benefitted in just 100 days.
Railways will now be able to contribute to the transportation needs of the country in a better way.
Now the corporatisation of the company has become a matter of a day.
Addressing an enthusiastic crowd on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that today Motihari is witnessing the same spirit of mass movement that was seen in the Champaran Satyagraha a century ago.
Now some more important decisions have also been taken in the interest of farmer brothers.
Today, sugarcane farmers will be happy that our ethanol production has tripled.
Earlier today, I announced Air India's direct flights from Colombo to Varanasi.
Everyone says this, but do we have any responsibility?
Security and defence cooperation have given an emerging new dimension to our relations.
Regional multilateralism through institutions such as the AIIB can play a significant role in helping mobilize the necessary resources.
From the water to the mountains, people welcomed the sun's rays early in the morning through yoga.
These mountains here automatically inspire yoga and Ayurveda.
The Prime Minister said, "Congratulations to M. Venkaiah Naidu Garu on being elected the Vice President of India.
Atal ji was a true patriot.
Excellencies, We appreciate your vision and leadership in taking our country out of the crisis and on the path to economic prosperity.
From my experience, we have to rely on people's leadership to achieve better results.
This can only happen if long-term investments are made in the business to create job opportunities and sustainable economic growth.
He also mentioned that sports also help in personality development, confidence building and overall development.
His Excellency Dr. Mohammad Ashraf Ghani, President of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan, was accorded a warm welcome on his visit to India on 14 and 15 September 2016.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress in implementation of the scheme for setting up new medical colleges attached with existing district / referral hospitals.
The Founding Conference of the Alliance was held in New Delhi earlier this year.
The Army has taken a pledge to completely destroy the terrorists and their facilitators.
You can also be a big catalyst agent in increasing the country's tourism by using this time from the month of October to the month of March.
In Anand, the Prime Minister will inaugurate modern food processing facilities, including Amul's state-of-the-art chocolate plant.
I want to tell you all about its extremely positive results.
He complimented the people of the state for declaring Jammu and Kashmir open defecation free in September 2018.
Our past has always been moderately woven inward.
17. Both sides welcomed the signing of the Memorandum of Understanding between the National Small Industries Corporation of India and the Small and Medium Business Corporation of Russia.
Congratulations to our Junior Hockey Team on winning the Junior Hockey World Cup.
That is, in a way, a system is being created to connect the farm with any market in the country.
Benami properties worth over Rs 800 crore have been seized by the government.
The Prime Minister encouraged the officers to develop contacts with the people around them and those they meet in the course of their duties.
We are rapidly moving towards renewable energy generation.
If we practice asanas and pranayama regularly, we can maintain good health as well as protect ourselves from many diseases.
He said that the Central Government is also laying a lot of emphasis on the development of waterways.
The Prime Minister stressed on ensuring maximum benefits for the poor and downtrodden sections of the society under the scheme.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people on World Health Day.
If these suggestions are in the interest of our country, we will definitely consider them.
They have shown that when the goal is set, the motivation is high, and the resolve is in the mind, it can be accomplished.
Uttarakhand has anyway been the main centre of yoga for many decades.
You will be happy to know that this award, given for the best policy making in this sector, is similar to the Oscar in that sector.
"The government is constantly working to create a business-friendly environment in the country.
We are now a globally integrated economy.
The world's largest infrastructure to be ready in the next two decades will be in our region.
At the same time, India is a large milk-producing country.
He said that a teacher is associated with a lifelong stream of knowledge.
The identified areas of mutual cooperation include safe and sustainable infrastructure and integrated water management.
The government debt burden as a percentage of GDP is steadily decreasing.
14. Other areas of cooperation as mutually decided.
My dear countrymen, in 'Mann Ki Baat', we talk about individuals and institutions who are doing some extraordinary work for the society.
The Prime Minister said that the work of social service should be a matter of pride for all.
Realizing the idea, he had mastery over it.
We have achieved more capacity in renewable energy than in conventional energy during 2017.
You must have also been happy and satisfied to hear about such a huge sale of Khadi and hand-loom at the same store.
Referring to the ongoing Poshan Maah, the Prime Minister said that the momentum that has come during this campaign should not diminish.
We are also looking at various strategies for better waste management.
The Prime Minister congratulated the medal winners for their exemplary performance in the international arena.
Today, I will also have the opportunity to meet people of Indian origin living in the Netherlands.
He said this is an indication that even today the world acknowledges the relevance of Mahatma Gandhi's ideals.
The presentation on 'Energy and Environment' included suggestions related to various energy sources and energy efficiency.
The most important role on this historic occasion is that of Chartered Accountants.
He said that the government is giving a lot of importance to innovation and research.
I am particularly grateful to Prime Minister Abe for his encouragement and personal support.
We were particularly moved by President Moon's decision to send the first lady as a special representative for the Deepotsav celebrations held in Ayodhya last year.
Shri Gobind Singh believed that the greatest service was to alleviate human suffering.
Now about three thousand small and big traders have got this privilege through the new Special Notified Zone.
As strategic partners and maritime neighbours, the two leaders stressed the importance of strengthening security and defence cooperation between the two countries.
It was a constant act of demeaning our culture and making us feel inferior.
Livelihoods have reached the hands of the poor.
He said that today India is not only the fastest growing economy in the world, but has also emerged as a country that is eradicating poverty at the fastest pace.
Sister Nivedita Ji restored the glory of Indian culture.
Before I begin, I would like to share with you some of the recent notable achievements of our scientists in India.
He said that the District Mineral Foundation will help the poor and tribal people in a big way.
The delegation interacted with the Prime Minister on topics such as women entrepreneurship and women empowerment.
This has benefited lakhs of artisans and workers.
Our domestic market is fragmented.
In their interaction with the Prime Minister, the beneficiaries of the Jan Aushadhi Project expressed happiness at getting quality medicines from the Jan Aushadhi Kendras.
Top officials from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, NITI Aayog, and the Prime Minister's Office briefed the Prime Minister on various aspects of the scheme.
The Varanasi Convention Centre project is a symbol of cultural cooperation between the city of Kyoto, Japan, and Varanasi.
The economic and social benefits of the metro rail system are obvious.
He said that a few months ago, a national strategy has been prepared to create a strong infrastructure for research in artificial intelligence.
This includes photography and geo-tagging.
This is the third official visit of the Prime Minister to Kollam.
New AIIMS are being opened in different states to provide better treatment and healthcare to people across the country.
I will also address the Indian community.
I pray to God for the recovery of all those injured due to the train accident.
In order to fulfill this motto of Sabka Saath-Sabka Vikas, the government is bringing some new schemes for 125 crore citizens of the country on New Year's Eve.
He unfurled the tricolour at Khardung-la in Ladakh on 15 August 2017.
Of these, one million are associated with the diamond industry alone.
Maternal, infant and neonatal health;
The funds will be used for repair, maintenance and strengthening of roads, highways, bridges and other infrastructure.
Both sides underlined the importance of cooperation in the field of traffic education, personnel training and scientific support for the implementation of international traffic corridors.
He mentioned Chanakya and said that hard work can remove all obstacles and it also helps us to accomplish the most difficult objectives.
He hoped that the medal winners would not get lost in the glare of fame and awards and would focus all their attention on excellence.
We have abolished the Foreign Investment Promotion Board.
The Prime Minister will offer prayers in front of the 'Statue of Unity'.
Addressing a public meeting, the Prime Minister congratulated all those working for the memorial.
The exhibition showcases more than a hundred good practices and imitations.
The Prime Minister reiterated that India is a strong advocate of a multilateral trading system.
Immediately after Diwali, our country has witnessed the historic Shuddhi Yajna.
He said that projects worth Rs 12 lakh crore have been speeded up in this way.
We have come together to shape and support our common activities and efforts in the international context.
In this direction, we have initiated far-reaching legal reforms.
The Prime Minister described the Paris Climate Agreement as a shared heritage of the entire world and hoped that it will be a new ray of hope for the next generation.
Both sides agreed to convene the INSTC Ministerial and Coordination meeting on a priority basis.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit the Andaman and Nicobar Islands in December.
The Prime Minister appreciated the spirit and hard work of our farmers for their achievements in agriculture since independence.
India is one of the most investor-friendly economies in the world.
His achievement is special because he made his challenge the medium of his success.
He reiterated the Union Government's commitment to provide universal coverage of seven flagship schemes to 45,000 additional villages in 115 Aspirational Districts by 15 August 2018.
For example, under India's housing programme, a target has been set to build 10 million houses in urban areas.
In the interest of the country, when all the parties work together, the decisions are also good, quick, and the results are also good.
Major financial agencies have also given their positive feedback about India's growth.
We need to change this mindset.
I have asked the Ministry of Defence to further expedite the relief and rescue operations in the state.
The presentation made by the CEO of NITI Aayog highlighted that significant progress has been made in many areas.
These operations have taken place in many countries, including Korea, Cambodia, Laos, Vietnam, Congo, Cyprus, Liberia, Lebanon, Sudan, and other parts of the world.
His singing will continue to attract people to Sufi music.
In addition, I look forward to meeting with the leaders of nine other countries, including the BRICS countries, at the Emerging Market and Developing Countries Dialogue hosted by President Xi Jinping on 5 September.
He assisted in the publication and dissemination of Basu's research through his articles and conferences.
He stressed that poor people should also benefit from quality and affordable healthcare.
This shows that there is still a craze among our youth towards our ancient heritage and our heroic heroes of history.
Two days later, along with Pujya Bapu, we will also celebrate Shastriji's birth anniversary.
Urban development includes Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana, AMRUT and Smart City schemes.
Now a lot of positive change is being seen in the society regarding digital transactions as well.
It will thus benefit all regions and sections of the country.
My thoughts are with his entire family, friends and supporters at this sad hour.
It may be revoked by one party after six months' written notice to the other party.
You act as an interface between the government and tax paying citizens and companies.
Congratulations to all the sports lovers on the inauguration of the synthetic track at 'Usha School of Athletics'.
The ban on jallikattu imposed by the Supreme Court was discussed during the meeting.
The Prime Minister said that hygiene is one of the most important aspects of preventive healthcare.
Another important aspect of the project is that about a thousand women and 23 transgenders are being selected to work in the Kochi metro rail system.
We are bringing our importance to the world today through the 'Tejas' aircraft.
I am sure we will all benefit from each other's experience and expertise.
A Chair for Indian Studies has been established at the University of Lisbon.
The two leaders also agreed to pursue bilateral trade and investment in a balanced and sustainable manner, taking advantage of the beneficial arrangements existing between the two countries.
There were even attempts to erode the confidence of Indians in them.
The award is given by the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO).
The duplication of such process by various departments for recognition of trade unions at the central and state level will be prevented.
It is very natural for everyone to be proud of this great tradition of India.
He also dedicated to the nation the first phase of Madhepura Electric Locomotive Plant.
We have focused on removing the barriers that were preventing us from achieving our full potential.
This payment was ensured to the farmers through sugar mills.
In Ahmedabad, Gujarat, about 55,000 people performed yoga together, setting a new world record.
These are some of the questions I want to leave to you to answer.
The Prime Minister said that there is immense potential in the tourism sector and the world is keen to visit India.
No civilized society can tolerate any kind of injustice against the women power of the country.
Maybe, these words of mine today will also work as a relaxation for you.
Referring to the family and collective traditions of the islands, he said this has been the strength of Indian society for a long time.
These projects pertain to various states including Haryana, Rajasthan, Gujarat, Maharashtra, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Jharkhand, Odisha, West Bengal, Telangana, Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh.
He said that for India, there is not only an industrial transformation but also a social transformation.
Our beloved leader, the former Prime Minister of our country, Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee ji, had clearly said that human rights are not an alien concept to us.
My heartfelt condolences to the families of the deceased.
Swachh Bharat Abhiyan is an initiative in this direction.
This monsoon session of Parliament will always be remembered as a session of social justice and youth welfare.
He said that in these cases, large sums of money held back could have been used for the welfare of the poor.
His calm approach to the game will definitely help the entire team.
The Prime Minister said that various schemes of the government like Swachh Bharat have given a boost to tourism in the country.
Sikkim's first and the country's 100th airport - Pakyong was inaugurated. India won the Under-19 Cricket World Cup and Blind Cricket World Cup.
Science and Technology
We have to further strengthen this legacy.
It is also a responsibility to conserve as much water as possible carefully, he added.
Tezu Airport has been revamped to accommodate commercial operations under the UDAN scheme.
The court's refusal to enforce the ruling can only be made in accordance with international practices.
He said that Kisan Sampada Yojana is helping in strengthening the supply chain from farm to market and creating modern agricultural infrastructure.
India will fully support their efforts in this direction.
This is one area where India needs to improve in order to remain competitive.
BIMSTEC is a natural platform for regional cooperation.
Recently, I had the opportunity to go to a very dear event.
The exam itself should be a joyous occasion.
The practice of yoga creates a sense of oneness - the unity of mind, body, and intellect.
Therefore, the Swachh Iconic Places project has now been included in the Swachh Bharat Mission to tackle this problem.
I see immense potential for investors that has not yet been tapped.
The Prime Minister said that in addition to the National War Memorial, a National Police Memorial has also been established.
"Saddened by the tragic incident in Etah district of Uttar Pradesh.
The sale of Khadi gift coupons has registered a growth of around 680% during Diwali.
In his message, the Prime Minister said, "Saddened by the loss of lives and destruction caused by the tsunami following the eruption of a volcano in Indonesia.
Go ahead with this mantra.
One has to go out of the house for the first time, out of the village, out of a protective environment and become one's own charioteer.
He also believed in the power of education.
My dear countrymen, in 'Mann Ki Baat', All India Radio is also always adding new colours with its imagination.
Yoga guarantees both fitness and wellness.
He said that the biggest challenge for medal winners is starting now and they should not lose sight of the goal of the Olympic Games.
The Prime Minister appreciated the efforts of the state government, and all other agencies involved in dealing with the flood situation so far.
The Prime Minister conveyed his and the people of India's deepest condolences for the loss of life and property caused by the recent earthquake and tsunami in the Sulawesi region of Indonesia.
He said that our youth can never be deceived.
The Prime Minister said, "Rani Lakshmibai is an inspiration for every Indian.
The MoU will create a mechanism and help in increasing scientific collaboration between R & D and academic institutions of India and Canada.
Cash withdrawals from ATMs and banks have also been capped for a short period of time.
The Centre assures all possible help to normalise the situation.
You are the leader of a great nation.
I went to the Krishi Unnati Mela held in Delhi recently.
He said that Adi Shankaracharya imbibed and reflected the goodness of various ideologies.
You may well remember the 6 women commanders of the Navy, a team that had been at sea for the past several months.
He listed several initiatives, including the introduction of GST, auction of natural resources, insurance and banking sector reforms, and skill development.
The Prime Minister said that special attention is being paid to skill development of rural youth through Deendayal Antyodaya.
I pray for the speedy recovery of those injured in the Mandi district of Himachal Pradesh.
The forts are a symbol of our heritage.
The strength of the India-US strategic partnership lies in our shared values and common interests.
The successful launch of the South Asia Satellite marks its completion.
He said that the commitment of India and Bangladesh against cruelty and terrorism will continue to inspire future generations through Bangladesh Bhawan.
What tortures the freedom fighters must have suffered.
He said that Ardha Kumbh will showcase how "New India" encompasses both heritage and modernity.
If there are these in the youth of a country, then that country will not only progress in areas like economy, science and technology but will also make its mark in sports.
This is the 5th Indian Science Congress to be addressed by Shri Narendra Modi after assuming charge as the Prime Minister, in keeping with the Prime Minister's vision to promote the spirit of science, technology and innovation across the country.
With the inauguration of these two cancer hospitals, Varanasi will become an important centre for better treatment of cancer-related diseases.
The Prime Minister will interact with various stakeholders associated with the mission.
On our part, obviously we want more and more Japanese investment.
Speaking on the occasion, Shri Narendra Modi said that our minds are not ready to accept that Shri Vajpayee is no more with us.
This is not justice with our rich experience and abundant design talent.
We are with the bereaved families.
Jayalalithaa ji's love for people, concern for the welfare of the poor, women and the marginalized will always remain an inspiration.
He said that women now have a huge opportunity to earn extra income as the time spent in the kitchen has come down.
These are the kinds of opportunities that are waiting to be tapped.
The Prime Minister recalled their meeting in Malaysia in May 2018.
He said that with better connectivity in the Northeast, the region will also be connected to the economy of Southeast Asia.
Stressing the importance of protecting nature, the Prime Minister said that "playing with future generations would be an immoral and criminal act."
Under PMGSY, 88 per cent of the residential areas are now connected to rural roads.
DD Arun Prabha will be the 24th channel run by Doordarshan.
In his address at the inauguration of Bangladesh Bhawan, the Prime Minister described it as a symbol of the cultural ties between India and Bangladesh.
Therefore, Make-in-India is stronger than ever for India and for the supply of the world.
I look forward to my meeting with the politicians and friends of Nepal.
Vidya is considered an occasion for worship.
India has also given many great players to hockey.
The two leaders expressed confidence that the strong partnership between India and the United States will continue to be an important factor in global peace and prosperity.
197 million bank accounts were opened in a year.
The Prime Minister also greeted children on the occasion of Vishwakarma Jayanti and said that it is important to learn a variety of skills.
His path-breaking and tireless emphasis on social reform helped the underprivileged.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister presented the event as an example of Indian traditions.
But we are in independent India.
He said that inspired by Mahatma Gandhi, Indians have made Swachh Bharat Mission the world's largest mass movement.
The UAE can benefit from being associated with the growth of our manufacturing and services sector.
The Prime Minister said that the effort to eradicate leprosy from the country under the National Leprosy Eradication Programme is a tribute to the same goal of Mahatma Gandhi.
3. Short-term training of human resources in health.
The Prime Minister said that India should show the world its heritage, its pride, and its faith.
Today, solar energy is gaining popularity in India.
I want to congratulate all the players who have won medals for the country.
Referring to the honesty shown by the Bohra community in business, the Prime Minister said that the government encourages honest traders and workers through GST, the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code.
Due to demand and technology, there is also a huge change in the nature of jobs in our country.
More than 40 countries have also sent their official delegations.
Even our ancient texts emphasize the importance of personal hygiene.
The MoU will help move towards attracting Saudi Arabian institutions for potential investment in the infrastructure sector in India.
Shriman Gurbachan Singh Ji's family has given us one such example.
The choices we have today will define our collective future.
Yoga can prove to be a strong pillar for a lifestyle of discipline and development.
He said that the goal of the government is to double the income of farmers by 2022.
'Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikas' can be our guiding light for cooperation and actions in South Asia.
The Prime Minister told the board members of USISPF that India and the US have benefited greatly from economic cooperation.
Training and management for the administration of health services and hospitals;
On a mutually agreed date, the award will be presented to Mr. Modi by the Seoul Peace Prize Foundation.
The Prime Minister stressed the importance of taking pride in our history and our archaeological heritage.
For this, we are strengthening the entire ecosystem of our administrative system.
The Prime Minister also unveiled a series of development projects related to the energy, connectivity and health sectors.
The independence of the judiciary is a basic feature of the Indian Constitution.
He later addressed a huge public meeting at a function organised to dedicate the Kochi Metro to the nation.
We have set a target of ensuring capacity addition of 175 GW of renewable energy by 2022.
Prime Minister Modi said, "I will meet President Halimah Yacob of Singapore on 1 June.
The Prime Minister said that he had fulfilled the promise of 'One Rank One Pension' for ex-servicemen and was happy to be able to fulfil it.
He expressed confidence that Gujarat and its people would emerge stronger and successful from the challenge posed by the floods.
I am looking forward to many more glittering successes.
"We are constantly trying to simplify processes for small businesses.
Continuous availability of water is important for agriculture.
You must have seen how steps have been taken within 100 hours of the attack.
The India-Japan business delegation will arrive in India on the same day.
Since the Council was formed fifty years ago, the industry in India has progressed rapidly.
India's development needs are vast and real.
Strategic decisions are taken not only in the battlefield, but also in the factories of the defence manufacturing industries.
He said that he himself has visited the North Eastern Region more than 25 times in the last four years.
Prayer, spirituality, and charity are given great importance in Ramadan.
The Prime Minister talked about topics such as climate protection and smart cities, which were also at the centre of the discussion.
Together, we will create an India where there will be ample opportunities for the youth and women to fulfil their dreams.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today laid the foundation stone of several development projects of the Government of India and the Government of Jharkhand, at a function in Sindri.
He also congratulated those who have allowed their land around the temple to be authorised for the project.
The Prime Minister also mentioned the benefits that have been made possible in the state due to various schemes such as Jan Dhan Yojana, Mudra Yojana, Ujjwala Yojana, Crop Insurance Scheme, and Saubhagya.
He said that sanitation is a simple measure for preventive health care.
From Dehradun to Dublin, from Shanghai to Chicago, from Jakarta to Johannesburg, yoga is yoga, yoga is yoga.
But whenever I look at the impact of 'Mann Ki Baat', I firmly believe that 'Mann Ki Baat' is 100 per cent connected with the people of this country.
They can also be called "nutrient-rich and climate-resilient" crops.
Today, we live in an interconnected world.
On 31 May, I will visit the India-Singapore Enterprise and Innovation Expo.
Several events are being held across the country to commemorate the 150th birth anniversary year of Mahatma Gandhi.
India is the third-largest economy by purchasing power parity (PPP).
Strategic partnership
I am happy that for the first time, the beneficiaries are being given ownership of the lands on which the houses are being constructed.
We both agree that all countries need to take urgent action against nations that create terrorism in our region, support, shelter them, and allow these factories of terror to persist.
Aviation fuel demand is expected to quadruple by 2040, driven by growth in the aviation sector.
Of these, the first front is related to infrastructure such as highways, railways, etc., while the second front is ensuring that the benefits of development must reach the general public.
Issues of trade, investment, connectivity, youth and cultural exchange were discussed.
I have also been saying that India and Japan will play an important role in the development of Asia.
The Prime Minister said that Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore wanted Indian students to progress around the world, but retain their Indianness.
Dear countrymen, 1st February 2017 marks the completion of 40 years of the Indian Coast Guard.
This will add immense strength to our strategic defence.
I especially welcome and thank the 15 partner countries of this edition of Vibrant Gujarat.
Today we are gathered here with the belief that we humans can do something for this planet.
If the US is strong, it will naturally benefit India.
The women beneficiaries narrated how SHGs have brought a positive change in their lives.
I once again bow to Sri Guru Gobind Singh Ji.
He said the central government attaches the highest importance to the development of eastern India.
Therefore, there will be additional benefits if new technology is tried to be used in the construction of new houses in India.
If children in our family are also interested in sports, they should be given opportunities.
He said that during the current financial year, states are receiving more than Rs 11 lakh crore from the Centre, which represents an increase of about Rs 6 lakh crore over the last year of the previous government.
The Prime Minister complimented the school students for their scientific abilities and encouraged them to come up with more such innovations.
The Prime Minister will also address a public meeting.
The birth anniversary of Lord Mahavira is a day to remember his sacrifice and penance.
In addition, working capital loans on digital transactions have been asked to be increased from 20 per cent to 30 per cent.
In search of peace from the stresses of modern life, people often start consuming drugs such as tobacco, alcohol, and even drugs.
The Prime Minister called for efforts towards water conservation and water management on a war footing.
In this context, he mentioned the initiatives of the central government that have led to a reduction in the price of medicines and a reduction in the price of stents.
The Prime Minister said that this honour is the honour of the people of India.
A Chartered Accountant can start a career in this new field by becoming an Insolvency Practitioner.
You will also know how many administrative and financial steps the government has to take in the construction of highways.
In this context, he pointed out that all government clearances, including construction permits, are being issued faster than ever before.
He said that apart from the sugarcane sector, we should also think of globally competitive bamboo products.
India and Cyprus enjoy close economic relations.
This will prove to be extremely important for both the countries considering the shared cultural heritage of both the countries.
During the meeting, the Prime Minister warmly welcomed President Mirziyoyev and his delegation to Gujarat.
I am told that during the last two years, Rs. 1.2 crores have been given to this foundation.
He said that India will be great and healthy only when its 125 crore citizens are healthy.
During the interaction, the women crew members gave a presentation based on various dimensions of the mission such as preparation, training and experience during the journey.
I strongly condemn the violence and pray for everyone to maintain peace.
Unveiling the expansion of the health care system in Bihar, he said, "It is a historic day for Bihar in terms of health infrastructure development.
He says that the role of parents in the examination is very important.
The Swachhata Hi Seva campaign launched today aims to create greater public participation towards cleanliness.
My dear countrymen, like every time, this time also I have received all your letters, emails, phone-calls and comments in a very large amount.
7. Deployment of a mid-level health provider at the sub-centre level who is trained in primary health care and public health capacity.
Maharashtra, one of the largest states in the country, has also made effective plans for this at its own level.
Now the Rath Yatra of Lord Jagannath is celebrated in some parts of the world as well.
He said that ITIs will help empower the youth of the islands with skills.
His game has made us all proud.
We are determined to do what is sustainable and green.
India, along with its other partner countries and stakeholders in the region, will build an alliance or hub to boost disaster resilience infrastructure.
To those who are exploring possibilities in India, I promise that we are committed to further fine-tuning our policies and procedures to promote Make in India.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that innovations have an important role to play in bringing the people of India and Israel closer.
They also agreed to continue efforts to develop clean energy-based systems, renewable energy and fuels, technologies to increase energy efficiency and produce non-polluting energy.
He also listed out the steps to be taken to improve 'ease of access to justice'.
MGNREGA, which is funded by the Government of India for water conservation and water management, has been well received by some.
India is going through many major changes today.
He appealed to the Indian diaspora to inspire at least five foreign families to visit India every year.
The Prime Minister said that the work of building toilets was done like a mission.
These projects include The Western Dedicated Freight Corridor and Char Dham Highway Development Project.
An unexpected number of countries from all over the world joined us.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Afghanistan on Cooperation in the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space.
This will deliver clean fuels (PNG) to homes, industries, and commercial units.
In a way, it is a period full of very important events in the life of the nation.
Many congratulations to our country's Finance Minister Arun Jaitley ji for giving a good budget.
Skill India aims to ensure that newcomers to the workforce have the necessary skills so that they can contribute to the 21st century economy.
The increasing depth and diversity in our relations is more evident from the comparability between our Look East Policy and the New South Policy of the Republic of Korea.
In a way, the whole of India received his blessings.
We know how the fruits of progress and prosperity are distributed among the common man.
My dear countrymen, on the coming 4th of November, we will all celebrate Guru Nanak Jayanti.
Our festivals also teach us social values.
It is due to these efforts that we have been able to increase our ranking from 142 to 77 in the Ease of Doing Business.
In the case of cooking gas alone, 146 million people are receiving direct cash subsidies through bank accounts.
Russia has strongly supported India's bid for permanent membership of the UN Security Council as part of its reform.
He has carried forward this movement with great purity.
The Prime Minister said that yoga improves concentration.
Singaporean companies have become key partners with India in areas such as urban development, planning, smart cities, and infrastructure development.
He stressed that the government is committed to a better life for senior citizens.
Both these sites are living proof of the ancient and strong cultural and religious ties between the common people of India and Nepal.
He will witness the e-Gruh Pravesh of 240 beneficiary families.
Creating a business-friendly environment and attracting investments will continue to be my top priority.
My dear brothers and sisters, just yesterday, our countrymen celebrated 'Infantry Day'.
71 countries of the world including India participated in it.
I look forward to interacting with the Indian community in Portugal during the visit.
These measures have also increased the efficiency of energy use.
2nd October of this year has another special significance.
Your visit, Excellency, provides us with an important opportunity to take this relationship forward.
From the programmes launched today, you can get an idea of the depth of the relationship between the two countries.
The Prime Minister said that the Indian economy grew at a healthy rate of 7. 7 per cent in Q4 of 2017-18.
Addressing the gathering on the occasion, the Prime Minister described the conference as a new beginning towards the public sector.
He said that as a society, it is imperative to stay connected with our history.
Thank you, Nandri.
As soon as this campaign is launched, people are invited to send letters and messages to the armed forces.
It is rapidly helping agencies and this makes it easier for citizens to get in touch with the relevant authorities.
On the Citizenship Act Bill, the Prime Minister urged people not to pay heed to rumours.
Last year was the birth centenary year of Nelson Mandela.
The MoU was signed on 25th September, 2018.
Our trees and forests have grown by one per cent in the last 2 years.
Member countries can use the Labour Research Institutes and Social Security Cooperation Framework of the BRICS countries for cooperation on social security and other labour related issues.
He described GST as an example of cooperative federalism.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress of 9 infrastructure projects in the rail, road, petroleum and power sectors.
India will also contribute a lot in this direction, he added.
This will save about Rs 27 lakh worth of fuel per day.
India has become an attractive investment destination due to its low labour costs, large domestic market, and macroeconomic stability.
Mahatma Gandhi's thought has inspired the whole world.
India has emerged as a hub for start-ups and innovation.
Over the next couple of months, we will all be busy with electioneering.
We are improving governance by increasing access to digital technology to improve end-to-end delivery in society.
However, legal reforms can yield the desired results only if an effective and efficient dispute resolution mechanism is available.
Areas of youth-based cooperation include the movement of youth, representatives of youth organizations, and government officials in charge of youth-related policymakers from one country to another.
The Prime Minister appreciated the progress made in bilateral cooperation in the field of defence technology.
He said that organizing such artificial parliaments will increase the spirit of debate among our youth.
Authorities are working to provide all possible assistance in the aftermath of the storm.
When you read inside, you will learn how today our youth try to change the life of an ordinary person by using technology smartly and creatively.
Solar photovoltaic energy has become economical compared to all other energy sources.
Today, foreign investors are making record investments in India.
He reiterated the key role of the United Nations, including the 'High-Level Political Forum on Sustainable Development', to coordinate as well as review the global implementation of the 2030 Agenda.
India's economic growth rate in the financial year 2018-19 is estimated to be 7. 4 per cent.
He said that once the sea wall is ready, it will help in the security of Car-Nicobar Island.
Last year, to boost our capital and investment ties, we revised the Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement.
India is setting new records not only in sports but also in areas that were never thought of.
Noting the cultural significance of Jallikattu, the Prime Minister said that the matter is currently sub judice.
This will help in better health and maternal care for the weaker sections of the society.
Therefore, the Indian Ocean occupies a special place in the policies of the government.
The Prime Minister will also release the blueprint of the Harit Rameswaram project.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today inaugurated the Kochi Metro and undertook a brief walk on the new Metro line.
As a democratic country, we share values.
An enabling alternative dispute resolution ecosystem is a national priority for India.
We have done good work in the field of wildlife conservation.
The Prime Minister welcomed Russia's unconditional assistance to India on the issue of cross-border terrorism.
The Prime Minister mentioned his visit to the Cellular Jail and the point where Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose had unfurled the tricolour 75 years ago.
During the interaction today, the Prime Minister elaborated on India's policies in the area of climate change and environmental sustainability.
59. Both sides committed to further strengthen nuclear non-proliferation at the global level.
The first 100% literate city and the first 100% literate district are from Kerala itself.
The gallery is 153 metres high and can be visited by 200 visitors at a time.
Our armed forces have always displayed unparalleled courage and valour.
The entire world celebrates it as World Yoga Day.
He said that as a result of these programmes, India has jumped 42 places in the Ease of Doing Business rankings in the last 4 years.
There was also a time in the past when some Indian products gained a global reputation.
These are also our values.
A postage stamp on 'Ramayana' was released by him on the occasion.
I am happy to inform that the State Government has declared 19th June as Reading Day.
Your generation has also faced constant hardships.
The Prime Minister said that if one does not absorb nature, nature reacts in the form of climate change.
He complimented them for their dedication towards education as well as making it a life mantra.
The Prime Minister invited Kazakhstan for membership of the International Energy Group.
Life goes on that you have got a sense of mission and that is your sense of ambition, is there any synergy happening between your mission and ambition?
He also said that fuel burnt due to delays while crossing state borders will now be saved and will also benefit the environment.
The Prime Minister held a meeting with the Chief Minister of the state, Shri Pinarayi Vijayan, and officials of the state government to review the situation arising out of the floods.
Kochi Metro Rail Limited is a joint venture between the Government of India and the Government of Kerala.
The Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) has prepared this memorial in a very short time.
Package of twelve services for free universal screening for common NCDs.
The 'BHIM-Aadhaar App' remains a marvel for digital transactions within the world.
It was with this spirit when I was the Chief Minister of Gujarat that I launched a similar movement called 'Vanche Gujarat'.
This shows our commitment to provide houses to the poor, to the middle class.
The National War Memorial near India Gate in New Delhi is a fitting tribute to our jawans who laid down their lives to protect the country after independence.
This is the true spirit of women empowerment across the country.
At present, there are 4.5 million self-help groups in rural India with the participation of about 50 million women.
The Prime Minister said, "On Air Force Day, greetings to air warriors and their families.
The Prime Minister recalled Dr. Ambedkar's words that we must build a social democracy along with our political democracy.
Obviously, it will take a lot of effort to make it popular.
It's a good start.
The Prime Minister will then leave for Odisha.
He said that the cooperative movement is in sync with the nature of Indian society.
First of all, I express my deepest condolences to those who have died due to the recent earthquake in Aceh.
Describing it as a historic day, the Prime Minister dedicated the PM-SYM scheme to the 42 crore workers in the unorganised sector of the country.
Now it is the festival of Eid.
There will also be a very good contribution from all parties.
The Agreement between the Government of the Republic of India and the Government of the Republic of Armenia on Cooperation and Mutual Assistance in Customs Matters shall be signed on behalf of the Government of India and that the necessary national legal requirements for the entry into force of this Agreement have been met.
Programmes like GST and stringent action on corruption have helped people do business honestly.
Now is the time to debate it, to find a way.
He said that the government is fulfilling special requirements to bring the North Eastern Region on par with other states of the country.
He said the Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchayee Yojana envisages water for every farm.
He also spoke about the benefits that will be ensured by the other development projects launched today.
He said the Tarakot route will provide an alternate route to Mata Vaishno Devi Shrine, which will facilitate pilgrims.
The Prime Minister also said that Bhuj, like other metros of Gujarat, will have a modern bus port.
The efforts made by Captain Nishad for the progress of Bihar have been extremely remarkable.
January, February, March, April - all these months are the testing months in every family.
She was a woman who could lead a comfortable life but remained engaged in the service of the poor.
We have full faith in the valour and bravery of our soldiers.
Within hours, the video generated a tremendous amount of interest on social media platforms like Twitter and Facebook.
Both sides agreed to explore opportunities for joint cooperation in forest products including precious metals, minerals, natural resources, timber through joint investments, production, processing and skilled labour.
My dear countrymen, today when we are discussing about Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, and that too in 'Mann Ki Baat', I want to share with you an anecdote related to Netaji's life.
The efforts of the UN to establish peace in the world, its positive role is remembered by everyone.
We support a common approach to ensuring peace and security and shaping the world order that reflects cultural and civilizational diversity and at the same time strengthens the unity of humankind.
School children belonging to Atal Tinkering Labs shared their inventions with the Prime Minister.
The Prime Minister called for a "chalta hai" approach and a "chalta hai" approach to ensure positive change.
After the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami, the five worst-hit countries enacted new disaster risk reduction management laws.
We have agreed that water efficiency and resource utilization; water conservation and its refining; increased productivity in agriculture are key areas towards strengthening our bilateral cooperation.
Referring to the 10 per cent reservation for the general category poor, the Prime Minister said it was a step in the right direction.
We are bringing the Goods and Services Tax law to create a unified national market.
Both sides agreed to strengthen cultural and humanitarian ties within the SCO.
All these great men toured India extensively.
Once the project is commissioned, the customs administration of both countries will commit to take it forward.
We are at a time where diamonds are being used in glasses, watches and pens.
The Food Safety and Standards Authority of India strives to ensure that food processed in India meets international standards.
During this period, the expedition team will stop at Bijnor, Narora, Farrukhabad, Kanpur, Allahabad, Varanasi and Buxar.
My dear countrymen, the Neelakurinji flower blooms once in 12 years in our country.
We need to ensure that high standards of disaster safety are followed in their construction.
Efficiency in the use of energy is essential.
This is the first time since independence that such a scheme has been introduced.
The government has launched a series of transformational initiatives.
He said that the launch of IPPB today is another important step towards achieving this objective.
4. Rules for exchange of medicines, medical devices and information.
Today, Mudra Yojana, Start Up India, Stand Up India initiatives are giving birth to our young innovators, young entrepreneurs.
The Prime Minister said India is rapidly moving towards becoming a gas-based economy.
The government is also emphasizing on how to bring more foreign capital to India.
He said that we are entering a period of greater energy availability, but it is a pity that more than a billion people in the world are still without electricity.
The meeting was attended by several Union Ministers.
Social media is changing disaster response.
People affected in disaster and after disaster are using social media to help each other.
This holy month of Ramzan will definitely help in taking forward this path of peace, unity and goodwill.
Abdullah expressed appreciation for India's continued support to Afghanistan in its infrastructure development and capacity building.
We have taken steps like issuing electronic visas to promote tourism.
The Prime Minister elaborated on how the Union Government is working for the welfare of farmers.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Monday reviewed the performance of key infrastructure sectors including petroleum and natural gas, power, renewable energy and housing.
We are a young country.
He unveiled a roadmap for the overall development of the tribes during the next five years.
The European Investment Bank has contributed one billion euros to India for environmentally sustainable projects, including the Lucknow Metro.
He was committed to eradicating injustice and inequality from society.
We will work shoulder to shoulder with countries in these regions to deal with disasters.
I myself will be a candidate in this election.
The government has also asked banks to increase the cash credit limit for small industries from 20 per cent to 25 per cent.
The enthusiasm of these doctors friends who are selflessly engaged in service is truly commendable.
I urge all of you to also participate in this celebration of 'Run for Unity' mutual goodwill.
The rapid growth of other systems is in the interest of producers.
The Prime Minister also met representatives of the Ceylon Workers' Congress and the Tamil Progressive Alliance.
In just a few hours, we will all welcome the New Year of 2017.
Under this scheme, interest subsidy will be provided to the borrower on the loan amount up to two lakh rupees.
The poison of casteism, the poison of sectarianism, can never do good to the country.
Promoted to create infrastructure and the Government of India has implemented the 'Pradhan Mantri Kisan Sampada Yojana'.
In the year 2001, Atal ji changed the time of presenting the budget from 5 pm to 11 am.
Prime Minister Modi and Prime Minister Abe will hold the 12th India-Japan Annual Summit on 14 September at Mahatma Mandir in Gandhi Nagar, Gujarat.
Together, we will build an India where there will be no compromise on corruption and nepotism.
We salute the courage of the Indian Army and their invaluable services.
He said that the statue will provide immense opportunity for tourism.
Indian Navy Chief Admiral Sunil Lanba was also present on the occasion.
The mantra is that society can fight against superstition with faith.
And even at such a young age, this situation has been reached.
Together, we will build an India where youth and women will have ample opportunities to fulfil their dreams.
If you put knowledge at the center, you try to incorporate a lot of things into yourself.
After hockey, there was good news for India in badminton as well.
The Prime Minister said that the spirit of service is a part of our culture.
He said that Adi Shankaracharya united India through the Vedas and the Upanishads.
The kind of affection, the reverence and the feeling of grief that spread all over the country for Atal ji reflects his huge personality.
This year, for the first time, we will witness Tri-Services Exercise INDRA-2017.
The Government and people of India are with you in this journey towards peace and prosperity.
India has over 300 million middle-class consumers.
Historically, temples have played a significant role in our society.
In this context, I heartily congratulate F.S.S.A.I for this initiative.
The delegation appreciated the Prime Minister's stand on the issue of triple talaq.
It is an important day to reaffirm our commitment to further strengthen our democracy by participating in democratic processes at the local, state and national levels.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Finland on Environmental Contribution.
Supply chain efficiencies are critical in any manufacturing enterprise.
The signing of the Trade Measures Agreement today will further strengthen our trade partnership.
The National War Memorial complex includes a central quadrangle pillar, an eternal flame, and six bronze murals depicting famous battles fought by the Indian Army, Air Force, and Navy.
He said that the brand of Amul is known all over the world and has become a source of inspiration all over the world.
The Prime Minister conveyed his best wishes to Dr. Mohammed for the progress and prosperity of the people of Malaysia.
I urge all of you, let's join this initiative.
An increase in maternity leave is a welcome provision.
He changed the fate of not only himself but also of his region through organised efforts.
Kerala was also the first state to achieve 100% primary education.
Similarly, on 25 December, the death of Sulagitti Narasamma of Karnataka was reported.
Diversity calls for celebration; not confrontation.
First, we have to imbibe the principles of disaster mitigation management in all areas of development.
Talking about self-help groups, the Prime Minister said that self-help groups play an important role in economic and social progress for the poor of the society, especially women from rural sections.
The proposed bill will ensure greater transparency in the government's nomination of workers' representatives to tripartite faculties.
I begin by congratulating NITI Aayog for hosting this global conference.
He recalled India's commitment to generate 175 GW of energy from renewable sources by 2022.
Different education boards across the country will begin the process for Class X and XII board exams in the next few weeks.
The train is likely to significantly reduce travel time as it runs between the two cities.
This concrete step of yours will go a long way in building a New India.
We are confident that our people will be the decisive partners in our endeavour to create responsive, collective and inclusive solutions.
I wish you success in your endeavours.
The Prime Minister said "this memorial reminds us of the great sacrifice of the people of our country for freedom."
India's core values are rooted in our civilizational heritage.
In this regard, he mentioned the agreement for units 5 and 6 of the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant.
"We have taken a major step to provide education facilities in higher educational, technical and professional institutions besides providing reservation for the general category poor," the Prime Minister said.
The Prime Minister said that the gathering here today represents the hopes and aspirations of the people of India.
The Prime Minister interacted with people in Kavaratti and Kanyakumari.
The results are already visible.
The Indian delegation led by Shri Suresh Prabhu, Minister of Commerce & Industry and Civil Aviation participated in the Eastern Economic Forum in September 2018.
This change led to two significant changes in Indian politics.
Today, our fishermen take small boats to the sea.
The Bharatmala Yojana aims to improve road connectivity by building national corridors and highways.
Every moment we get to learn something from saints, sages, sages, great men.
You too should take part and especially I would urge you to show these things to the children.
This new tradition of public participation for our country... It is our effort to take the country forward through public participation.
Strong person-to-person contacts and the presence of a large Indian diaspora in Canada provide a strong foundation for these relationships.
On 8th October, we celebrate 'Air Force Day'.
In July this year, we relaxed our FDI regime.
In the spirit of regional cooperation, India will soon launch the South Asia Satellite.
 The country will not gain anything by standing with those who have looted the country.
I pray for the speedy recovery of the injured.
All this will affect the demand for energy.
Its state-of-the-art facilities will cater to the healthcare needs of the region.
The high-level review meeting was attended by officials from the PMO, NITI Aayog and other ministries.
He said a strong America would be beneficial to the entire world.
He said that the happiness of the beneficiaries, who were involved in today's presentation, was evident to the crowd present here today.
It will have separate programmes on village development, poor welfare and social justice across India.
The dream of 'Ek Bharat-Shreshtha Bharat' is embedded in it.
This traditional calendar shows how old our relationship with natural and astronomical events is.
Just as we have implemented the Sendai Framework, we will welcome new opportunities for regional and international cooperation.
Get the kids into the habit of climbing stairs instead of going up and down the elevator.
This time every devotee will also be able to have a pious darshan of Akshaya Vat after the holy bath in the Sangam.
Ambitious goals that include key health indicators and others are driving performance.
A training institute is also being built along with the high-speed rail project.
"We salute the bravehearts who laid down their lives during this dastardly attack on Parliament," the Prime Minister said.
Today, India is the fastest growing large economy in the world.
I have fond memories of working with Shri M. Venkaiah Naidu in the party and government.
He stressed that 'We, the People', that is, we the people, must also act in accordance with the expectations that our guardian - the Constitution - has for us.
Reading helps people broaden their thinking.
The two leaders will also make their statements to the media.
He said that the officers present in today's conference have provided the right leadership despite working in an atmosphere of negativity.
India will emerge as a global leader on the strength of cutting-edge technology and skilled manpower.
Khadi is emerging as a powerful tool in the lives of the poorest of the poor, hand-looms are transforming the lives of the poorest of the poor and empowering them.
This will result in expansion of health facilities which will create a large number of jobs.
This has given us an opportunity to emerge as a leading arbitration jurisdiction.
Soon, there was a big campaign 'Selfie with daughter' not only in India, but all over the world.
The Prime Minister has stressed the importance of innovation and technology for the progress and development of the nation.
He said India is creating records in the startup sector on the strength of the talent of its youth.
He outlined the benefits of the Swachh Bharat Mission in the health and tourism sectors.
If possible, we elders of the family also go out in the open and play with these children.
It is a great honour to be the first Indian Prime Minister to visit this beautiful region of Sri Lanka.
Today, there has been a detailed discussion between the President and me.
Bilal Dar is young but a source of inspiration for everyone interested in cleanliness.
To continue our commitment in this area, I am happy to announce the construction of an additional ten thousand houses in the off-region areas under this project.
He praised the spirit of the people of Nicobar Islands and their hard work in building the archipelago after the tsunami.
In his message, the Prime Minister said, "I strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Kabul.
The government has taken several steps to increase investment.
In November last year, India hosted the first ever South Asian Annual Disaster Management Exercise.
Space technology will connect with the lives of our people in this region.
Of these, 101 satellites were from the United States, Israel, Switzerland, the Netherlands, Kazakhstan, and the United Arab Emirates.
Reviewing the coal sector, the Prime Minister stressed the need for innovative efforts towards underground mining and gas from coal mines through the use of latest technology.
The Prime Minister said that the culture of taking everyone along makes India different from all other countries.
It is a matter of happiness for me as I, along with my partner and friend President Ashraf Ghani of Afghanistan, had the opportunity to jointly inaugurate this conference.
It is a matter of happiness for us that after his recovery, our Arun ji is also among us today.
Excellencies and I have discussed ways to shift our energy relationship in a strategic direction through specific projects and proposals.
The Prime Minister of Mauritius, Mr. Pravind Jugnauth, will be the Chief Guest at the 15th edition of the Pravasi Bharatiya Divas Conference.
He said that "High Speed Corridors" will emerge as an area of growth with rapid pace in the future.
He told the Secretaries that we must come together to devise systems to meet global aspirations.
The Prime Minister said that the focus of the government is to provide an affordable health care system for the poor.
In India, as in most emerging economies, our challenge will grow both horizontally and vertically.
The objective of the MoU is to promote innovation, creativity and economic development in both countries.
The popularity of these events grew over time.
Five new metro rail projects have been approved which will lead to the construction of a 140 km long metro line.
The Prime Minister expressed confidence that India would be able to benefit from the Fourth Industrial Revolution.
Welcoming the members of the delegation, the Prime Minister said that the greatest strength of democracy is harmony and amity.
With the potential of the people, their aspirations are being fulfilled at a record pace.
I hope that the new course will further strengthen the financial skills of newcomers to this profession.
The Prime Minister performed a special puja under the Statue of Unity.
Millions of people also take a dip in the holy rivers on Makar Sankranti.
The Prime Minister will dedicate to the nation the Western-North Inter-Regional Power Transmission Line built to ensure uninterrupted power supply to western Uttar Pradesh.
She rendered her services to thousands of mothers and sisters in Karnataka, especially in the inaccessible areas there.
Indian youth have excelled in this field thanks to their cutting-edge and out-of-the-box thinking.
The MoU was signed on 31st May, 2018.
I urge all of you to participate enthusiastically in this campaign.
My best wishes to the entire team and support staff, on behalf of the countrymen.
The Prime Minister assured him of India's full and constructive support in the discharge of his new responsibilities.
A 182-metre-tall statue of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel will be dedicated to the nation on his birth anniversary at Kevadiya in Narmada district of Gujarat.
It is a special beauty of India that spirituality and science complement each other in our culture.
My dear countrymen, Ganeshotsav is coming up in a few days.
May the blessings of the great Himalayas be with you.
It has been one of the countries with the highest growth rates in the Eurozone in 2016.
I welcome Brazilian companies to come and invest in India and become long-term commercial partners.
Many of our festivals uniquely embody the spirit of saving rivers and water.
When Rajini expressed his desire to learn boxing from his father, his father encouraged him by putting all possible means into it.
On the energy front, we are now the fifth largest producer of renewable energy in the world.
India has had strong strategic ties with all three countries.
My dear countrymen, after the Diwali holidays, with a new resolve, with a new determination, all of you must have come together once again in your daily life.
The Prime Minister spoke of the work being done towards modernising the transport infrastructure.
India and Russia pledged to cooperate with each other to meet these goals.
The MoU was signed on July, 2017.
This interaction programme of the Prime Minister covered more than one crore women representing different groups.
India has been home to many ascetics who served and reformed society.
The heroes of London's India House, including Savarkar, celebrated its 50th anniversary with fanfare.
Electricity reached every village of the country.
People shared with the Prime Minister the hardships caused by the storm.
Gujarat has made significant contributions to the history of the country, especially during the independence movement.
He called for all issues related to Iran's nuclear program to be resolved through peaceful means and dialogue.
Recent trends indicate that Asian centres such as Hong Kong and Singapore have emerged as priority sites for arbitration.
The other three terminals are under construction at Sahibganj, Haldia and Ghazipur.
He specifically called for an innovative approach in areas such as skill development and tourism.
The Prime Minister said that in the last three years, the Union Government has focused all its attention on improving the quality of life of the people.
There are more than 8 lakh doctors.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the youth will take India to new heights in the 21st century.
Secretary Carton briefed the Prime Minister on the decisions taken in June this year and the progress made towards the discussions.
It is not surprising that Japan has today become India's fourth-largest source of FDI.
He taught people the importance of cleanliness and service through his works.
This reason is the result of our fight against black money.
A Thai Navy jawan also lost his life in the entire operation.
On 26th January, our 'Republic Day' was celebrated by all of us with zeal and enthusiasm in every nook and corner of the country.
Speaking on the occasion, he congratulated the countrymen and said that the bullet train project will provide speed and development and will yield results soon.
We are very pleased to have this opportunity to enhance our engagement with the Bank and its members.
The two leaders also discussed ways to counter terrorism and radicalisation, the Prime Minister said.
Today is the birth anniversary of Veer Savarkar ji.
The team members presented the Prime Minister with a signed bat, a ball and a team jersey bearing the name of the Prime Minister.
The number of new taxpayers filing income tax returns has more than doubled.
This will enable quality health services to be provided to the poor.
More than 16,000 km of gas pipeline has been constructed and an additional 11,000 km is under construction.
A legacy that connects our society across generations and centuries.
A number of conferences and seminars have been held on various topics.
He recalled his address during Mann Ki Baat in 2017 in which he had appealed for holding artificial parliaments in districts.
This year also, let us try to organize 'Run for Unity' in our village, town, city, metropolis.
Both sides took stock of the recent investments made by Indian companies in the diamond manufacturing sector in the Russian Far East.
He said that the innovative spirit of our ancestors must be kept alive.
Here on this occasion, I would like to specifically tell my colleagues from other countries about the Give-it-Up scheme.
In our economies, industry and business can forge attractive partnerships through flagship programmes launched by my government.
Our mutual cooperation and coordination is very strong in many forums like BRICS, G-20, Indian Ocean Rim Association, IBSA, etc.
The Prime Minister said that the Chief Ministers of the states have played a major role in policy formulation through sub-groups and committees on issues like Swachh Bharat Mission, digital transactions, and skill development.
The grid is part of the government's plan to provide affordable and quality gas to the entire northeastern region.
My thoughts are with his family and well-wishers in this hour of grief.
I hope the industry will be in constant touch with him.
I have innumerable fond memories with him.
Whether it is the thousands of feet high mountains of the Himalayas or the sun-warmed deserts, yoga is enriching every life, in every situation.
We have exceptional political and people-to-people ties with every country in the ASEAN region.
Usually, when there are movements for good, the government and the people come face to face.
In a tweet, the Prime Minister said, the Union Government has assured all possible support to the Government of Bihar in containing the flood situation and the situation is being closely monitored.
We must pledge to rid India of poverty, filth, corruption, terrorism, casteism, communalism and build a 'New India' by 2022.
5 companies of BSF, CISF, RAF have been deployed for relief and rescue work in the state.
Our goal is to build a relationship that reflects our shared priorities and creates a deeper connection between our people.
This time again, yoga also worked as a world record.
Under the able leadership of President Hassan Rouhani, Iran will continue to touch new heights of achievement.
Saddened by the demise of George Saheb.
His spirit of dealing with natural calamities from storms, tornadoes, floods to forest fires and helping the countrymen has been amazing.
64. Both sides noted that the participation of the Prime Minister of India, Shri Narendra Modi, in the meeting of the Council of Heads of State of the SCO held in Qingdao in June 2018 reflects India's successful participation in the functioning of the organization as a full-time member.
In terms of scale of operations and high value addition, an investor is also attracted by the huge domestic market, availability of skilled workers, and better physical infrastructure.
The Prime Minister will visit an exhibition on "Technology and Rural Life."
 Insurance companies have been advised to settle claims of Ockhi cyclone victims expeditiously.
He said that efforts are being made to showcase India's glorious past and dynamic future.
Our UPI or United Payments Interface system, as well as the BHIM app and RuPay cards, are also showing the real potential of the digital economy in India.
Our trade cooperation with Europe and Southeast Asia through spices is world-renowned.
Shri Narendra Modi said that connectivity is essential for development today.
The Prime Minister said that these steps have greatly benefited not only the poor but also the middle class.
We have to take people along, people along, every section of the society along, and with that we have to take the country forward.
A Drishyakala museum has also been built in this Kranti Mandir.
We have taken many decisive steps and created a governance system that will help India realise its potential.
He said that Varanasi has a lot of tourism potential and all efforts should be made to keep the city clean.
The Prime Minister laid special emphasis on the shared values between India and Japan.
The Prime Minister distributed certificates to the beneficiaries of various schemes.
The Prime Minister further said that for start-ups to succeed, it is important to have enough capital, courage, and connect with people.
On 30th January, all of us pay homage to the martyrs who laid down their lives for the country by observing 2 minutes silence at 11 am.
The entire ambience is enveloped by the sacred fragrance.
The name of the selected bank will be released as a co-brand on the Kochi Metro fare card and app.
The leaders discussed regional and global issues.
He started practicing in the Gauhati High Court on constitutional, taxation and company matters.
17. It is proposed to expand vaccination to all states.
"Greetings to the people of Meghalaya on the special occasion of their Statehood Day.
I hope that at every level, at all times, as much emphasis is placed on rights as on duties.
My dear countrymen, I am not a yoga teacher.
It is true that political parties have also made meaningful efforts to improve the system from time to time.
These short-cut routes cause duplication.
We can imagine what the state of mind will be when the world collapses at this young age?
10 days ago, Mother India lost her brave sons.
The Prime Minister said that about 12 crore farmers are likely to benefit from the PM-KISAN scheme.
The Prime Minister said that the government's campaign against black money is a bold and decisive step.
I am happy that the younger generation is interested in knowing about our history, our freedom fighters, the people who sacrificed for this country.
The situation that has arisen in Karnataka-Tamil Nadu over the sharing of Cauvery water is very sad.
"A warm welcome and best wishes to all the teams participating in the FIFA U-17 World Cup," the Prime Minister said.
They will not be spared.
The Prime Minister will then reach the 'Wall of Unity' and inaugurate it.
In order to increase energy efficiency, my Government has been giving priority to the Railways.
The Prime Minister said that the Ayushman Bharat scheme is a completely new interconnected system that will help create a healthy India.
He said that the recommendations of these sub-groups have been incorporated by various Central Government Ministries.
Shri Modi said that Shri Vajpayee is among the finest orators his country has ever produced.
The Prime Minister said, "It gives me immense pleasure to join the closing ceremony of the Narmada Seva Yatra at Amarkantak in Madhya Pradesh tomorrow afternoon.
He said the national highway network in Uttar Pradesh has almost doubled in four years.
The next step in this movement should be to convert waste into a valuable product.
India has managed to improve its rating after a long wait.
My dear countrymen, the festival of Navratri is going on.
Our cultural partnership is growing.
State governments should take strict action against those who are resorting to violence in the name of cow protection.
The Paika Rebellion was waged in Odisha against the British Raj in 1817.
At a public meeting, the Prime Minister will unveil a plaque to mark the laying of foundation stone of Rail Coach Factory Sonipat.
There was praise for India's various economic reform agendas, including the GST.
The Prime Minister also stressed the importance of Farmer Producer Organizations.
Even the most ordinary citizen, when he comes to this earth, has a different kind of, a divine feeling.
Recently, the Government of India has standardized the specifications for the rolling stock and signal system of metro rail.
57 teams of NDRF, including 1,300 personnel and 435 boats, have been engaged in search and rescue operations.
Not only this, we are the sixth largest producer of renewable energy.
The meeting was also attended by the Chief Minister of Gujarat, Shri Vijay Rupani, other senior ministers and senior officials of the state government, disaster relief agencies and PMO.
I commend the Election Commission for its continued efforts to strengthen our democracy.
Any request for an increase by the state government will be considered.
His powerful knock in the semi-finals will always be remembered.
I appealed to people to give each other a book instead of a bouquet of good wishes.
After some time, the new year of 2017 will begin.
Just a few days ago, India's brave daughter and farmer daughter Hima Das created history by winning the gold medal in the 400 meters race at the ongoing Junior U-20 World Athletics Championships in Finland.
7. Any other area of cooperation on the basis of mutual decision.
President Temer's visit provides an important opportunity to work in a planned manner.
With these measures, our economy is now on a fast track to growth.
Record growth in the last two and a half years
Consumers are also being made aware through the Jago-Grahak Jago campaign.
Under this scheme, more than 10 crore families will be provided health insurance of 5 lakh per family every year.
Now electricity has reached every village of our country.
I am aware that the Government of Sri Lanka is taking a number of proactive steps, including a five-year national action plan, to improve your quality of life.
He recalled the felicitation of Indian military personnel by Bangladesh in New Delhi last year.
In a message, the Prime Minister said; "Saddened by the demise of Ustad Hussain Sayeeduddin Dagar.
I hope this will help us move forward.
You will be happy to know that the productivity of the Lok Sabha was 118% and that of the Rajya Sabha was 74 per cent.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate the redeveloped Tezu Airport in Arunachal Pradesh.
In different sports, our players have brought laurels to the country.
My dear countrymen, 'Mann Ki Baat' has been appreciated and criticized.
The contacts and exchanges between the citizens of the two countries have always been the bedrock of our friendship.
Later in 1945, when the freedom struggle gained momentum, he prepared a revised copy of the idea.
GST will accelerate efficiency in furthering long-distance transport by removing physical barriers at state borders.
Preparation for Security Dialogue to develop a comprehensive action plan on security cooperation.
The MoU on the proposed development of a fertilizer plant in Malaysia and the import of additional urea from Malaysia to India is a welcome development.
He complimented the Ministry of AYUSH for establishing the All India Institute of Ayurveda.
The Government of India has also supported the activities of this foundation.
To create world-class universities in the field of education, we have taken a major step towards freedom from shackles.
He said Vietnam is an important pillar of India's' Act East 'policy.
The Prime Minister said, "Gujaratis celebrate the beginning of the new year on the day after Diwali.
Because Indonesia, the country with the largest Muslim population in the world, stands for democracy, diversity, pluralism, and social harmony.
To this end, both sides emphasized the continued cooperation between the National Rail and Transport Institute (Vadodara) and the Russian Transport University (MIIT).
For the first time, the tricolour was hoisted on the 75th anniversary of the Azad Hind Government from the Badalal-Qila of independence.
Plastic is now becoming the biggest threat to humanity.
India is now one of the most preferred countries for investment in the region.
His unprecedented contribution to the freedom struggle lives on in our hearts.
We are proud of the decisions we have taken that have further strengthened women's empowerment.
Tomorrow, today and tomorrow will be such a lucky coincidence that yoga will get a new dimension.
He said the focus of the government is to increase production through faster connectivity.
The Prime Minister said that every effort is being made to ensure a unique experience for the devotees visiting Ardh Kumbh.
There is an occasion to worship Maa Durga.
Sports are still considered a waste of time in society.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to a bus accident in Mandya, Karnataka.
This railway line will prove to be Tripura's gateway to South and Southeast Asia.
At the same time, the important responsibility of the country is to protect its citizens.
This is in addition to the amount of 100 crore announced by the Home Minister on 12 August 2018.
Just two days ago, I wrote a letter to all the governments and leaders of the world regarding Yoga Day.
The Prime Minister appealed to the people to provide assistance to unorganized sector workers working in the vicinity to register.
Friends, Our shared heritage of culture and trade will be stronger in the future as will the emotional bonds between us.
The Prime Minister began the virtual consecration of the statue by pressing the button.
The law and order situation is being closely monitored.
The two countries share vibrant and growing people-to-people ties.
This will facilitate students interested in cinema from the northeastern states.
