We are aware of the power of the collective resolve, hard work, sacrifice and devotion of our 125 crore citizens.
3. Exhibition on Futuristic Technologies and Space Exploration which offers a vision of the future of space travel.
He popularized India’s music traditions globally.
During the interaction, Prime minister urged the sports persons to use technology as an aid to improve their performance.
Institutions also extended their contribution enthusiastically.
He said PSUs have contributed significantly in nation-building, and in the nation’s economy, since independence.
He added that India now stands at 3rd place in Power Ranking in the 2018 report of the World Travel & Tourism Council.
Our bilateral defense cooperation is built on strong mutual trust.
It was in the month of June 2015 that I had the opportunity of welcoming you in India.
BHIM stands for Bharat Interface for Money.
The Indian Diaspora in Portugal has played an important role in deepening our bilateral ties.
He underlined the fact that the project got final sanction in January 2015 and now it has seen the light of the day.
He said he is committed to providing affordable healthcare for the poor and the middle class.
I extend my best wishes to my countrymen on the pious occasion of Vasant Panchami.
He complimented the people of Kashi for extending a warm welcome to French President Emmanuel Macron.
He expressed hope that the government will reach the target of 100% rural road connectivity soon.
At this moment, there are expectations and the feelings of a strong response which is quite natural.
The Prime Minister added that these facilities will also attract tourists.
Regional and International Cooperation has an important role in providing an added push to our efforts.
He reaffirmed India’s commitment to a robust and strong bilateral strategic partnership with the US.
As part of it, government has started training about one lakh masons.
Those nations who leave their heritage behind, are destined to lose their identity, he added.
The mechanism of Japan Plus has also helped in the process of hand holding.
Women are already empowered and now getting armed too.
Benefits of India’s success are available to our partners!
We recognize the need for urgent measures to counter and prevent the spread of terrorism, violent extremism and radicalization.
Will also address a public meeting.
We will continue to work tirelessly for your socio-economic upliftment in all possible ways.
This programme has already provided nearly ten million new connections in just seven months.
He called upon the people of Pakistan to tell their rulers to fight corruption and fake notes.
This metro project has several significant features.
A few days ago, the country’s beloved poet Neeraj Ji left us forever.
But someone has to take such tough decisions for the sake of the country.
It gets inspiration through the teachings of Truth from Gautam Buddha and Mahatma Gandhi.
Their contributions are deeply valued both in India and in UAE.
He laid the Foundation Stone for pipeline and road projects.
The Prime Minister said that the last few years have marked a golden period in relations between the two countries.
Our players performed magnificently and on the basis of their sterling efforts, India has become the Asia Cup champion after an interval of ten years.
You may recall that even, in the recent Asian Games, India’s performance was par excellence.
I would also like to express gratitude to UNCTAD for having supported India’s initiative and playing an active role in bringing it to this stage.
Accumulation of any form of waste or filth within the four walls of these places is considered impure.
The Prime Minister encouraged the young officers to imbibe the best from the experiences that they would have had, during their attachment to various Ministries as part of this programme.
My dear countrymen, namaskar!
He urged all officers to speed up the adoption of Government e- Marketplace (GeM) in their respective departments.
The Government also aims to extend Piped Natural Gas to ten million houses over the next five years.
It also reduces their productivity.
The Chief of Army Staff, Gen. Dalbir Singh, was present on the occasion.
He will address the gathering.
He was the first Indian who set on a global voyage in a small boat without any modern technology.
He expressed happiness that States are now organising investor summits.
Prime Minister said that India would celebrate the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi, beginning from 2nd of October.
From the point of a foreign investor, India counts as an extremely low risk political economy.
He urged the students to think about innovative solutions to the problems faced by people.
During the same period a scheme to declare black money was introduced.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has welcomed and conveyed best wishes to all teams taking part in the FIFA U-17 World Cup.
He will also address a public meeting.
Her father is a labourer and mother a fish-seller.
This in itself is a great example of the changing ecosystem.
He reiterated Shri Inamdar’s mantra of “Bina Sanskar, Nahin Sahkar.”
In case of a fast track procedure, such award can be given in 6 months.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi paid tributes to Mahatma Gandhi and Lal Bahadur Shastri on their birth anniversary.
It was during his tenure that the timing of presenting the budget was changed.
I was told that a few days ago, in Jabalpur, Madhya Pradesh, over three lakh people came together to work for the sanitation campaign.
He said that from conventional teaching, our universities need to move towards innovative learning.
India has always been an inspiration for others in terms of intellectual capability and enterprise.
That is why a large number of letters on agriculture have been received.
Partaking of LANGAR together created a feeling of unity & oneness in people.
They are aimed at transforming the country and making a New India.
63. We will build together such an India, which will be clean, healthy and fulfil the dream of self-rule (Swaraj).
1. Exchange & training of medical doctors, officials, other health professionals and experts;
He said that this event is an occasion to honour Sarpanches who have contributed immensely to the movement towards a Clean India.
He described the Constitution as the very soul of our democratic structure.
Our soldiers practiced yoga in Siachen where temperatures reach minus 20, 25, 40 degrees.
Responding to a team that is working to create rural digital entrepreneurs, the Prime Minister said that it is important to create an India where everyone has equal opportunities.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will attend the Annual Conference of DGPs and IGPs on 7th and 8th January at the BSF Academy at Tekanpur, Madhya Pradesh.
There are many such aspects which emerged out of these discussions which are definitely going to be beneficial for the students.
Under this, we offer around 700 scholarships annually to students for studying in Sri Lanka and India.
The Prime Minister reiterated his vision that relationships between regions and provinces of two countries are a vital part of nurturing the bilateral relationship.
It is due to greats like her that India won freedom.
Key Features of the tunnel
The new Insolvency & Bankruptcy Code will make it easier for investors to have an exit.
Our freedom movement is linked to our sentiments.
The Governing Council reviews the work done during the previous year and deliberates upon the future developmental priorities.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Thursday evening, reviewed the progress of the Namaami Gange programme.
He added that for the Union Government, decisions are about national interest and not political gains.
In fact, 1.25 billion people of India have the same affection for the Japanese people.
He asked NITI Aayog to follow up with the States on the actionable points made by them within three months.
Prime Minister Abe and I do not miss any opportunity to meet.
He said that the common man and the trader must benefit from this path breaking decision.
It gets its wings from our democratic traditions, emphasis on both wealth and value creation, a robust sense of enterprise and quest to modernize and prosper its economy.
Most of the grievances are related to issues of poor service quality, connectivity and non-functioning of landline connections.
I salute all the brave people from the depths of my heart.
For mapping risks related to hazards such as earthquakes we have widely accepted standards and parameters.
The Chief Ministers of the respective States, and senior officials were present at the meetings.
Today, in the twenty-third meeting, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards handling and resolution of grievances related to consumers.
All help is being provided to the State Government to deal with the adverse situation.
It was Atal Ji’s exemplary leadership that set the foundations for a strong, prosperous and inclusive India in the 21st century.
If we do not manage this growth, in terms of both planning and execution, the risk of economic and human losses from disasters will be higher than ever before.
As per UNCTAD’s World Investment Report, India continues to be one of the top FDI destinations in the world.
This number is expected to double in the next ten years.
This Rudraksh will be a gar-land of love of Japan for Varanasi.
Specific actions have to be designed and implemented locally.
Training is given for employment as well as self-employment to meet the aspirations of youth for a better life.
A ‘New India’ is rising.
Prime Minister has welcomed the leaders of the BRICS and BIMSTEC families, ahead of the summits.
Calling for focus on preventive healthcare, the Prime Minister said that the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan is linked to efforts towards a healthier India.
It was conceived by Prime Minister Abe and I when we visited Varanasi together in 2015.
61. Our resolve is to build such an India, free from terrorism, communalism and casteism.
In this context he spoke of India’s digital infrastructure, and its interfaces including Aadhaar, UPI, e-NAM, and GeM.
The element of Unity in diversity being India’s speciality comes naturally to us.
He urged the children to ensure that the adulation and fame that they are getting, should not become an obstacle to their future progress.
Under ‘Ayushman Bharat Yojana ‘, the Government of India and insurance companies will jointly provide 5 lakh repees for treatment to about 10 crore families or say 50 crore citizens per year.
And therefore, Swachh Bharat Mission – the quest for clean India – is linked to faith and spirituality in the country.
He said that these noble causes require close coordination and constant monitoring.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has wished the citizens on National Voters’ Day.
For this purpose, we have launched the ‘Make in India’ campaign.
His indomitable courage is a source of motivation.
India’s biggest tax reform, the GST has been introduced recently.
Prime Minister will also visit the exhibition set up on the occasion atRajpath lawns.
Given global uncertainties, India also needs energy security.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will inaugurate a stretch of the new Magenta line of the Delhi Metro on 25th December.
He will inaugurate the collective e-grihapravesh of twenty five thousand beneficiaries under Pradhan Mantri AwasYojana through video conferencing.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to cyclone in Tamil Nadu.
The Earth is our mother and we all are her children.
He mentioned the importance of conserving water, and added that in Kutch, people understood this quite well.
He released a commemorative postage stamp to mark the occasion.
They also have unique strengths and insights.
Renowned nationalist and Tamil poet Subramanya Bharati is well known for his revolutionary poem Pudhumai Penn or New woman and is renowned for his efforts for Women empowerment.
We have a strong, investment friendly policy framework in place to boost domestic hydrocarbon production.
UAE is one of our most valued partners and a close friend in an important region of the world.
What goals is the gems and jewellery industry setting for itself by that date?
The security of these forts was the responsibility of the Maratha Navy.
We are also encouraging and facilitating business and industry of both countries to increase the quality and quantum bilateral trade.
He urged people to use the Bhim App and embrace cashless transactions.
Speaking of the achievements in sanitation, the Prime Minister mentioned that sanitation coverage has expanded from about 40 percent in 2014, to about 80 percent today.
“Tributes to Mahatma Phule on his Jayanti.
Start-Ups have been given income tax exemption for three years.
We are keen to scale up investments in next generation infrastructureincluding roads, ports, railways, airports, telecom, digital networks and energy.
In fact, we are now living through what many have termed the ‘Asian Century’.
He distinguished himself as a hardworking and people-friendly administrator, both in the Delhi government and Centre.
Our defence scientists too, have made India proud.
However, most of the time the situation of the house is like this that umpires are in more trouble than the players.
This will not only improve our refining and processing efficiencies but also ensure timely and efficent project completion.
Addressing a public meeting, he described water as a holy offering from nature.
They noted with great concern the growing menace of terrorism and violent extremism and its universal reach.
This is a vision I share with President Xi and Premier Li.
It has become the main growth engine of the world.
• The Transport sector will see massive changes in the next few decades with adoption of electric vehicles;
He said that initiatives like Pradhan Mantri Surakshit Matritva Abhiyaan and Mission Indradhanush played a vital role in the decline in the mortality rate.
His demise is anguishing.
Thus, he brought our beloved tricolor closer to the commonman.
And it is the duty of all countrymen to keep our historical heritage safe and clean.
He said Lok Adalats can play a key role in reducing pendency of cases in the judiciary.
He also encouraged the teachers to digitally transform their schools and its neighbourhood.
He said this would be a tribute to Mahatma Gandhi on his 150th birth anniversary in 2019.
PM will lay the foundation stone of doubling of 425 km long Jhansi-Manikpur and Bhimsen-Khairar railway lines.
In Singapore I will be focusing on enhancing India-Singapore partnership in areas of Fintech, skill development, urban planning and artificial intelligence.
“Wishing you all on National Voters’ Day.
Through the course of the day, the Prime Minister held separate, detailed review meetings on the situation in the States of Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur and Nagaland.
He will distribute certificates to beneficiaries of various schemes.
He said this indicates India’s quest for global benchmarks.
We are proud to be the global host for World Environment Day, 2018.
Our energy partnership, is an important bridge in our linkages.
He was the architect of the re-establishment of diplomatic relations between India and Portugal.
It is due to his vision of development that all these states are progressing rapidly, the Prime Minister said.
In fact, May 1857 was not only evaluated as a minor historical incident but was also an attempt to dent our self-respect.
He said it is our collective responsibility to save Mother Earth.
He congratulated everyone associated with the construction of this Statue.
In our path of sustained high growth, and all around development, India counts Israel among its important partners, the Prime Minister said.
The Prime Minister emphasized the importance of preserving the “spirit” in the cooperative movement, which he said is still largely intact in the rural areas.
The Prime Minister noted that the freedom struggle became a mass movement due to the visionary efforts of Mahatma Gandhi.
Speaking on the occasion, at a large public meeting in Ahmedabad, the Prime Minister spoke of the high ambition and willpower of “New India.”
Till August this year, 290 million such accounts have been opened in Indian banks.
Prime Minister appreciated how poor women with their self-confidence and strength fought against all adversities.
The Tenth Guru of Sikhs- Guru Gobind Singh has been a source of inspiration for many through his teachings and ideals.
He said that over the last three to three and a half years, the Union Government has worked towards fulfilling this vision of social democracy.
SulagittiNarsamma was a midwife, aiding pregnant women during childbirth.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that we should think about how research can help our farmers.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister noted that the Assistant Secretaries programme offers the junior-most and senior-most officers the opportunity to interact with each other.
Hon’ble Chairman, heartiest congratulations and good wishes on behalf of the House and on behalf of the countrymen!
Foreign Direct Investment in India was at the highest level in 2015-16, at a time when global FDI has fallen.
As fellow market economies, our needs and strengths are complementary.
Similarly, when you are sturdy as a nation, you can be at peace with others.
2. Assistance in development of human resources and setting up of health care facilities;
In just 100 days since its inception over 7 lakh poor patients have been benefited.
Railways can now contribute in a much better way in meeting the transport needs of the country.
Incorporating a company is now just a one day affair.
Addressing an enthusiastic gathering on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the atmosphere at Motihari today, evokes the same spirit of mass movement, that marked the Champaran Satyagraha, a century ago.
Now, we have taken some more decisions in the interest of farmers.
The sugarcane farmers are happy that ethanol production has tripled.
Earlier today, I announced direct Air India flights from Colombo to Varanasi.
Everyone talks about this but do we not have any responsibility towards conservation of water?
Security and defence cooperation have added growing new dimensions to our relationship.
Regional multi-lateralism through institutions such as AIIB can play a central role in helping to raise resources.
From the seashores to the mountains, people welcomed the first rays of the sun, with Yoga.
These mountains of Uttarakhand spontaneously inspire us for Yoga and Ayurveda.
The Prime Minister said, ” Congratulations to M Venkaiah Naidu Garu on being elected India’s Vice President.
Atalji was a true patriot.
Excellency, we commend your vision and leadership for taking your country out of this crisis and on to the path of economic prosperity.
In my experience, the more we relied on people’s own leadership, the better were the outcomes.
This can happen only if businesses make long-term investments that create jobs and sustain economic growth.
He also mentioned that sports helps in developing personality, building confidence, and in overall development.
The President of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan His Excellency Dr. Mohammad Ashraf Ghani was warmly welcomed on his working visit to India on 14 & 15 September 2016.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress in implementation of the scheme for establishment of new medical colleges attached with existing district/referral hospitals.
The founding conference of the Alliance was held in New Delhi earlier this year.
The Army has resolved to wipe out terrorists and their harbourers.
You can also act as a major catalyst in promoting the tourism of our country by utilizing the time from this October to March.
At Anand, the Prime Minister will inaugurate modern food processing facilities, including Amul’s ultra-modern Chocolate Plant.
I would like to share positive outcome of the budget session.
He congratulated the people of Jammu Kashmir for making the state Open Defecation Free by September 2018 itself.
Our past has always been harmoniously inter-woven.
17. They welcomed the signing of the MoU between National Small Industries Corporation of India and the Russian Small and Medium Business Corporation.
Congratulations to our junior hockey team for winning the Junior Hockey World Cup.
In other words, such a system is being set up where in farms in any part of the country will have a market-connect.
14. Security of the country is our priority.
The Prime Minister encouraged the officers to develop a connect, with the people around them, and with the people they serve, in course of their duties.
We are engaged in a massive push towards renewable energy generation.
We can protect ourselves from several diseases in addition to having a good heath if we daily practice the poses and breathing exercise of Yoga.
He said the Union Government is placing great emphasis on the development of waterways as well.
The Prime Minister stressed on providing maximum benefit to the poor and marginalized sections of society, under this scheme.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has wished people on World Health Day.
We can certainly consider them if they are in the interest of our country.
They have showed that if once the targets are set, spirits are high and with a strong resolve, the set targets can most certainly be attained.
Even otherwise, Uttarakhand has been the main centre for Yoga for several decades.
You will be delighted to know that this best policy making award is equivalent to an Oscar in the sector.
The PM added, “The Government is constantly working to create a conducive environment for business in the country.
Now, we are a globally integrated economy.
Over the next couple of decades, most of the new infrastructure in the world will come up in our region.
India is also the world’s biggest milk producer.
He said that a teacher remains a teacher throughout life.
• Identified areas of mutual cooperation include safe and sustainable infrastructure and integrated water management.
Government debt as percentage of GDP is consistently declining.
14. Any other area of cooperation as may be mutually decided upon.
My dear countrymen, in “Mann Ki Baat”, we talk about those persons and institutions who make extra-ordinary contribution for the society.
The Prime Minister said doing social work should be a matter of great pride for everyone.
Translating a thought into reality was his forte’.
We have added more capacity to renewable energy than conventional energy in 2017.
You too must be feeling happy with a sense of satisfaction at this mega sale in just one Khadi & Handloom store.
Referring to the ongoing Poshan Maah (nutrition month), the Prime Minister said that the momentum that has been built up during this campaign should not flag.
We are also looking at various strategies for effective waste management.
The Prime Minister congratulated the medal winners for their exemplary performance in the international arena.
Today I will also have an opportunity to meet people of Indian origin living in the Netherlands.
He said this is an indication that the world accepts the relevance of Gandhi’s ideals, even today.
The presentation on “Energy and Environment” included suggestions related to various energy sources, and energy efficiency.
On this historic occasion the most important role is that of the Chartered Accountants.
He added that the Government is giving a lot of importance to innovation and research.
I am particularly grateful to Prime Minister Abe for his encouragement and support at a personal level.
We were touched by President Moon’s decision to send the First Lady as his special representative at the ‘Deepotsav’ Festival held in Ayodhya last November.
Shri Gobind Singh Ji believed that the biggest service is to alleviate human suffering.
Now, about three thousand small and medium merchants have this privilege through the new Special Notified Zone.
• As strategic partners and maritime neighbours, the two leaders emphasised the importance of further consolidating the security and defence cooperation between the two countries.
Constant efforts to belittle our culture and make us feel inferior were on.
This has generated employment for the poor.
He said today India is not just the fastest growing economy in the world, but also the country that is eradicating poverty the fastest.
Bhagini Nivedita ji revived the dignity and pride of Indian culture.
Before I begin, I would like to share with you, some recent, remarkable achievements of our scientists in India.
He said District Mineral Foundations will help the poor and the tribals in a big way.
The delegation interacted with the Prime Minister on subjects such as women entrepreneurship, and women empowerment.
It has benefitted lakhs of craftsmen and workers.
Our domestic market has been fragmented.
Interacting with the Prime Minister, the beneficiaries expressed happiness with the good quality of medicines available at Jan Aushadi Kendras.
Top officials of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, NITI Aayog and PMO, briefed the Prime Minister on various aspects of the scheme.
The project of Varanasi Convention Centre is a symbol of cultural co-operation between Kyoto city of Japan and Varanasi.
The economic and social benefits of metro rail systems are well-known.
He said that a national strategy for creating a robust infrastructure for research in Artificial Intelligence has been prepared a few months ago.
This includes photography and geo-tagging.
This will be the third official visit of the Prime Minister to Kollam.
New AIIMS are being opened in various states with a view to providing better treatment and health facilities to people across the country.
I will also address the Indian community.
I pray for a speedy recovery of all those injured due to the train accident.
Friends, to further the principle of Sabka Saath – Sabka Vikaas, on the eve of the new year, Government is bringing some new programmes for the people.
On 15th August, 2017, they unfurled the tricolour at Khardungla, in Ladakh.
Out of this, one million people are in the diamonds industry alone.
iv) Maternal, child and neonatal health;
The funds will be utilized for repair, maintenance, and strengthening of roads, highways, bridges, and other damaged infrastructure.
The Sides noted the importance of cooperation in the area of transport education, personnel training and scientific support in the implementation of international transport corridors.
He quoted Chanakya to say that hard work can overcome all obstacles and help us accomplish even the most difficult of objectives.
He expressed hope that the medal winners will remain grounded and would not lose focus due to fame and accolades.
We have abolished the Foreign Investment Promotion Board.
At the feet of the Statue of Unity, the Prime Minister will perform a special prayer.
Addressing a public meeting, the PM congratulated everyone who has worked for the memorial.
The exhibition showcases over a hundred good practices and applications.
The Prime Minister reiterated that India is a strong supporter of the multilateral trading system.
Since Diwali, our nation has been witness to a historic rite of purification.
He said projects worth 12 lakh crore rupees have been speeded up in this way.
We are also joined together in shaping the international context to support our common pursuits and endeavors.
Towards this end, we have initiated far-reaching legal reforms.
The Prime Minister described the Paris Climate agreement as a shared heritage of the whole world, and this generation’s contribution to the hope of future generations of mankind.
The Sides agreed to make efforts to convene the INSTC Ministerial and Coordination meeting on priority.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Andaman & Nicobar Islands on 29th-30th December 2018.
The Prime Minister appreciated the spirit and the hard work of our farmers, for their achievements in agriculture since independence.
India is one of the most investor-friendly economies in the world.
Her achievement is all the more special because she has made the imposing challenges in her life the key to her success.
He reiterated the Union Government’s commitment to provide universal coverage of seven key schemes to 45,000 additional villages in 115 Aspirational Districts, by August 15th, 2018.
For example, the housing programme in India targets ten million houses in urban areas.
When all parties work together in the larger nation interest, positive outcomes and results emerge.
Leading financial agencies have shared their optimism about India’s growth as well.
We need to change this mindset.
Have asked Defence Ministry to further step up the rescue and relief operations across the state.
In course of the presentation made by CEO NITI Aayog, it was noted that remarkable progress has been made in several areas.
These operations have been carried out in Korea, Cambodia, Laos, Vietnam, Congo, Cyprus, Liberia, Lebanon, Sudan and many other parts of the world.
His work will continue to draw people towards the joys of Sufi music.
In addition, I look forward to engaging with leaders of nine other countries, including BRICS partners, in an Emerging Markets and Developing Countries Dialogue, hosted by President Xi Jinping on 5 September.
She helped publication of Basu’s research and publicity through her articles and conferences.
He emphasized that the poor must have access to quality and affordable healthcare.
Thus, it becomes clear that our younger generations still care for the brave heroes of our ancient past, its heritage and history.
Two days later, we shall celebrate the birth anniversary of Shastriji along with respected Bapu’s birth anniversary.
These include: Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (Urban); Atal Mission for Rejuvenation of Urban Transfornation (AMRUT); and the Smart Cities Mission.
We can now see a positive momentum towards digital transactions in India.
Thus all sections and regions of the country will get benefited.
My thoughts are with his entire family, friends and supporters in this hour of grief and sadness.
It can be terminated by either Party after giving six months’ prior notice in writing to the other Party.
Your work is like that of an interface between the government and the tax-paying companies and individuals.
Congrats to all sports lovers on the inauguration of the synthetic track in ”Usha School of Athletics”.
The ban imposed on Jallikattu by the Supreme Court came up for discussion.
The Prime Minister said that cleanliness, or Swachhta, is one of the most important aspects of preventive healthcare.
Another noteworthy aspect of this project is that nearly one thousand women and twenty-three transgenders are being selected to work in the Kochi Metro Rail System.
We asserted our supremacy in the world by introducing Tejas aircraft.
I am sure all of us will benefit from the experience and expertise of each other.
We have set up a Chair for Indian Studies in University of Lisbon.
The two leaders agreed to push forward bilateral trade and investment in a balanced and sustainable manner by taking advantage of complementarities between their two economies.
Attempts were even made to reduce the faith that Indians had on them, he added.
This award is given by the UN body ‘Food & Agriculture Organisation’ – FAO.
Recognition of Trade Unions at Central/State level would reduce duplicacy of such exercise by different departments.
It is natural for each one of us to feel proud of this great tradition of India.
He dedicated the first phase of the Madhepura Electric Locomotive Factory to the nation.
We have focused on removing the barrierswhich were preventing us from achieving our full potential.
This payment was ensured through sugar mills to farmers.
In Ahmedabad in Gujarat, around 55 thousand people performed Yoga together and created a new world record.
These are some questions that I wish to leave you with.
The Prime Minister said that there are ample opportunities in the tourism sector, and the world is keen to come to India.
No civil society can tolerate any kind of injustice towards the woman-power of the country.
Of course, it is quite possible that my words this morning will act as a relaxant for you.
Speaking of the family and collective traditions of the Islands, he said this has been a strength of Indian society, over the years.
These projects are spread over several states including Haryana, Rajasthan, Gujarat, Maharashtra, Uttar Pradesh, Odisha, Bihar, Jharkhand, West Bengal, Telangana, Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh.
He said that for India, this is not just an industrial transformation, but a social transformation.
Our most beloved leader, ShriAtalBihari Vajpayee, the former Prime Minister of our country, had clearly said that human rights are not analien concept for us.
My heart goes out to the victim’s families.
The Swachh Bharat Abhiyan is an initiative in this direction.
This Monsoon session of Parliament will always be remembered as a session for social justice and youth welfare.
He said big sums of money that is locked up in these cases, could have been used for the welfare of the poor.
Her cool approach to the game shall surely help the entire team.
Prime Minister said that various schemes of the Government, like Swachh Bharat has boosted tourism in the country.
India scripted a thumping win in the under- 19 Cricket World Cup and the Blind Cricket World Cup.
SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY
We have to further fortify that legacy.
He said that it is also a responsibility to be careful and conserve as much water as possible.
The airport has been retrofitted and new terminal constructed for making it fit for commercial operations under UDAN scheme.
The enforcement of award can be refused by the Courts only as per international practices.
He said the Kisan Sampada Yojana is helping strengthen the supply chain from the farm to the market, and creating modern agriculture infrastructure.
India will fully support their efforts in this direction.
This is an area that India needs to improve upon to remain competitive.
BIMSTEC is a natural platform for regional cooperation.
Recently, I had the opportunity to go to one of my favorite events.
Exams in themselves, should be a joyous occasion.
By practicing Yoga, a spirit of oneness is created – oneness of the mind, body and the intellect.
Swachh Bharat Mission, therefore, now includes the Project “Swachh Iconic Places” to address this issue.
I see great untapped potential in this for investors.
The Prime Minister said that besides the National War Memorial, the National Police Memorial has also been established.
“Anguished by the tragic accident in UP’s Etah district.
During Diwali, Khadi gift coupon sales recorded an overwhelming 680 per cent rise.
“Saddened by the loss of lives and destruction in Indonesia caused by the Tsunami after the eruption of a volcano.
Make headway with this Mantra.
Leaving home for the first time, moving out of one’s village, coming out of a protective environment amounts to taking charge of the course of one’s life.
He also believed in the power of education.
My dear countrymen, in ‘Mann Ki Baat’, All India Radio too infuses myriad novel hues of creativity and imagination.
Yoga is a guarantee of both fitness and wellness.
He said that the biggest challenge for the medal winners will start now and they should never lose their goal of being in the Olympic Games podium.
The Prime Minister appreciated the State Government, and all other agencies for the response to the flood situation so far.
The Prime Minister offered deepest condolences on his behalf and on behalf of the people of India on the loss of precious lives in the recent earthquake and tsunami that hit the Sulawesi region of Indonesia.
Our youth will never be misled, the Prime Minister added.
“Rani Lakshmibai is a source of inspiration for every Indian.
The MoU will provide a mechanism and help to foster scientific cooperation between R&D and academic institutions of India and Canada.
There are also some limits placed on the withdrawals from ATMs and bank for the very short run.
Centre assures all possible help to normalise the situation.
You are the Leader of a great nation.
I recently visited the Krishi Unnati Mela organized in New Delhi.
He said Adi Shankara had imbibed the best of practices from different ideologies and thought.
I am sure you distinctly remember that for the last many months, a naval team comprising six women Commanders was on a voyage.
He mentioned the roll-out of GST, auctioning of natural resources, insurance and banking sector reforms, and skill development, among others.
Prime Minister said that special attention is given to skill development of rural youth through Deendayal Antyodaya Yojana.
I pray for the quick recovery of those injured in Mandi district, Himachal Pradesh.
Forts are symbols of our heritage.
Strength of the India-USA strategic partnership lies in our shared values and common interests.
The successful launch of the South Asia Satellite marks the fulfilment of that.
He said that the shared resolve of India and Bangladesh, against cruelty and terrorism, will continue to inspire future generations through the Bangladesh Bhavan.
These seekers freedom must have gone through immense torture.
He said the Ardh-Kumbh would show how ‘New India’ encompasses both heritage and modernity.
If the youth of a country possess these qualities, that country will progress not only in areas such as Economy and Science & Technology but also bring laurels home in the field of sports.
In keeping with the PM’s vision to give a boost to spirit of Science, Technology and Innovation across the country, it will be the fifth Indian Science Congress to be addressed by the Prime Minister Shri Modi since he assumed office .
With the inauguration of both cancer hospitals, Varanasi is set to become an important centre for quality treatment and care in Cancer related ailments.
Towards this end, the Prime Minister’s interaction will bring together various stakeholders involved in the mission.
On our part, we would, of course, want greater influx of Japanese investments.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that our minds are not ready to believe that Shri Vajpayee is no longer with us.
This does not do justice to our rich experience and abundant design talent.
Our solidarity with the bereaved families.
Jayalalithaa ji’s connect with citizens, concern for welfare of the poor, the women & marginalized will always be a source of inspiration.
He said women now have a greater opportunity to earn extra income, as time spent on cooking has been reduced.
Such is the scale of opportunity that is waiting to be tapped.
The Prime Minister fondly recalled their last meeting in Malaysia in May 2018.
He said that good connectivity in the North-East will also link the region with the economy of South-East Asia.
Emphasizing the importance of protecting nature, the Prime Minister said “playing with the well-being of future generations would be an immoral and criminal act.”
Under the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana, rural roads have now connected 88 percent of all eligible habitations.
The channel will be the 24th channel operated by Doordarshan.
Speaking on the occasion of the inauguration of Bangladesh Bhavan, the Prime Minister described it as a symbol of the cultural ties between India and Bangladesh.
Therefore, the strategic imperative to Make in India, to Make for India, and to Supply to the World from India is stronger than ever before.
I am looking forward to meeting the political leaders and friends in Nepal.
It is considered an occasion to worship Vidya, knowledge.
India has produced many great hockey players.
They expressed confidence that strong India-US partnership will continue to be an important factor for global peace and prosperity.
197 million bank accounts were opened in one year.
He too, greeted the children on Vishwakarma Jayanti, and said it is important to learn various skills.
His pioneering and relentless emphasis on social reform greatly helped the marginalised.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister described the programme as an illustration of Indian traditions.
But now we live in independent India.
He added that inspired by Mahatma Gandhi, Indians have made the Swachh Bharat Mission the world’s biggest people’s movement.
UAE can benefit by linking with our growth in manufacturing and services.
The Prime Minister said that the effort to eliminate leprosy from this country under the National Leprosy Eradication Programme is a tribute to Mahatma Gandhi’s vision.
3. Short term training of human resources in health;
The Prime Minister said that India should showcase its great heritage with pride and confidence, to the world.
Today solar energy is gaining popularity in India.”
I wish to congratulate all players who have won medals for the country.
Talking about the honesty shown by the Bohra Community in business, Prime Minister said that the government encourages honest businessmen and workers through GST, Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code.
With the changes in demand and technology, the nature of jobs in our country has been changing.
More than forty countries have sent their official delegations as well.
Even in our ancient scriptures, this importance of personal hygiene is captured.
The MoU will be a step forward in engaging with the institutions of Saudi Arabia to attract a potential investment into the infrastructure sector in the country.
ShrimanGurbachan Singh ji’s family has presented one such example before us.
The choices that we make today, will define our collective future.
Yoga can prove to be a strong pillar to lead a life of discipline and development.
He said the Government aims to double income of farmers by 2022.
“सबका साथ सबका विकास” can be the guiding light for action and cooperation in South Asia.
The Prime Minister stated that both countries have benefitted in an unprecedented manner through economic engagement.
vi) Training in administration and management of health services and Hospitals;
The award will be presented by the Seoul Peace Prize Foundation at a mutually convenient time.
The Prime Minister emphasized the importance of taking pride in our history, and in our rich archaeological heritage.
For this, we are strengthening the entire eco-system of our administrative arrangements.
He also unveiled a series of development projects related to the energy, connectivity and health sectors.
The independence of the judiciary is a basic feature of the Indian Constitution.
He later addressed a large gathering at the function to dedicate Kochi Metro to the nation.
We have set a target to construct capacity of 175 Giga Watt of renewable energy by the year 2022.
On 1 June, I will call on Singapore President Halimah Yacob.
The Prime Minister said that giving One Rank One Pension to ex-servicemen was a promise that he had made, and he was happy that he had been able to fulfil it.
He expressed confidence that the people and the State of Gujarat would emerge even stronger and successfully tackle the challenge posed by the floods.
I look forward to many more shining successes.
The PM added,“It is our constant endeavour to simplify procedures for small entrepreneurs.
Continued availability of water for agriculture is of importance.
You must have seen how within a hundred hours of the attack, retributive action was accomplished.
An India Japan Business Plenary is scheduled the same day.
Since the council was created fifty years ago, India has made rapid strides in this industry.
India’s development needs are huge and substantial.
But it is not just on the battle-fields, but also on the factory floors of defence manufacturing enterprises, that strategic decisions are made.
He remarked that he has himself visited the North East more than 25 times in the last 4 years.
Prayer, spirituality and charity are accorded the highest priority during Ramzan.
The Prime Minister spoke of themes such as climate protection and smart cities, which came up for discussion.
Together we will build such an India where the youth, the women will have enough opportunities to fulfil their dreams.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today laid the foundation stone of various projects of the Government of India and Government of Jharkhand, at an event in Sindri.
He thanked all the people who had property around the temple, and have allowed its acquisition for the project.
He spoke of the benefit that schemes such as Jan Dhan Yojana, Mudra Yojana, Ujjwala Yojana, Fasal Bima Yojana and Saubhagya have brought about in the State.
He said Swachhata – or cleanliness – is a simple mechanism of preventive healthcare.
From Dehradun to Dublin, from Shanghai to Chicago, from Jakarta to Johannesburg, everywhere, there is Yoga all around.
But whenever I look at the overall outcome of ‘Mann Ki Baat’, it reinforces my belief, that it is intrinsically, inseparably woven into the warp & weft of our common citizens’ lives, cent per cent.
They can be called “nutrition rich and climate smart” crops.
Today, we live in an inter-connected world.
On 31 May, I will visit the India-Singapore enterprise and innovation exhibition.
Many programs are being organized across the country in celebration of the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
It is the third largest in terms of purchasing power parity.
Strategic Engagement
I am happy that for the first time, beneficiaries are also being given ownership of the land on which the houses are being built.
We agreed that there is an urgent need for all countries to decisively act against those states who generate, support, shelter and sustain these factories of violence in our regions.
Growth in the aviation sector is expected to raise demand for aviation fuel four times by 2040.
The first one relates to building infrastructure like Highways, Railways etc. while the other is to ensure that the benefits of development reach out to the people.
Themes such as trade, investment, connectivity, youth and cultural exchanges came up for discussion.
I have also been saying that India and Japan will play a major role in Asia’s emergence.
The Prime Minister said that Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore always wanted Indian students to keep abreast of developments across the world, even as they kept their Indianness intact.
My dear countrymen, on 1st February 2017, Indian Coast Guard is completing 40 years.
It will add tremendous strength to our strategic defence.
I particularly welcome and thank the 15 Partner Countriesof this edition of Vibrant Gujarat.
We are here today to act upon the belief that we as humans can make a difference to this planet.
He said if America becomes stronger, India will be a natural beneficiary.
Women beneficiaries also explained how Self Help Groups have ushered in a positive change in their lives.
I once again bow paying my obeisance to Shri Guru Gobind Singh ji.
The Union Government attaches topmost importance to the development of eastern India, he added.
Therefore the use of new technology in house construction would have added advantage, if tried in India.
If the children in our family are interested in sports, they should be given opportunities.
He said that in the current financial year, States are receiving over 11 lakh crore rupees from the Centre, which represents an increase of about 6 lakh crore rupees, from the last year of the previous government.
Prime complemented the schoolchildren for their scientific skills and encouraged them to come up with more such inventions.
He will also address a public gathering.
The day of Bhagwan Mahavir’s birth anniversary is a day to remember his sacrifice and penance.
Banks have also been asked to increase working capital loans from 20 per cent of turnover to 30 per cent, for enterprises that transact digitally.
The quest for solace from the stresses of modern life, often drives people to tobacco, alcohol, or even drugs.
The Prime Minister called for efforts towards water conservation and water management on a war footing.
In this context he talked about the Union Government’s initiatives to bring down the prices of medicines, stents etc.
The Prime Minister said that this honour truly belongs to the people of India.
Chartered accountants can start a new career in this field by becoming insolvency practitioners.
Even you would be aware that how many administrative and financial steps are needed to be taken by the government for construction of highways.
In this context, he mentioned that all Government permissions, including construction permits are being issued faster than before.
He said that besides the sugar sector, we should also think of globally competitive bamboo products.
Cyprus and India enjoy close economic ties.
This will be of immense importance to both countries considering their shared cultural heritage.
During their meeting, Prime Minister extended a warm welcome to President Mirziyoyev and his delegation to Gujarat.
I am told that about 1.20 crore rupees have been given to the foundation in the last two years.
He added that that India would become great and healthy only when its 125 crore citizens are healthy.
During the interaction, the crew made a presentation on various aspects of the mission, their preparation, training, and experiences during the journey.
I strongly condemn the violence and urge everyone to maintain peace.
Unveiling the expansion of health care system in Bihar, he said, “ It is a historic day for Bihar in terms of health care infrastructure development.
He says that during exams, parents have a vital role to play.
The Swachhata Hi Seva movement, launched today, aims at generating greater public participation towards Swachhta.
My dear countrymen, just like every time earlier, I have received a rather large number of letters, e mails, phone calls and comments from you.
7. Posting of a Mid-Level health provider at the level of the sub-center who is trained in primary health care and public health related competencies.
One of our largest states, Maharashtra, has already adopted a plan of its own in this direction.
This festival is now also celebrated in some parts of the world.
He said the ITI would help empower the youth of the island, with skills.
Her game makes all of us very proud.
We are also committed to ensure, that we do so, in a way that is sustainable and green.
India will work with other partner countries and stakeholders to build a coalition or centre for promoting disaster resilient infrastructure in the region.
To those who are exploring, I promise you that we are committed to further refine our policies and procedures to boost Make in India.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that innovation has a key role to play in bringing the people of India and Israel, closer to each other.
They agreed to continue efforts to develop cleaner energy systems, renewable energy and fuels, increased energy efficiency and technologies for cleaner energy production.
He outlined several other steps that are being taken to improve “ease of access to justice.”
Some people have really benefitted very well from MNREGA budget provisions made by the Government of India for water conservation and water management works.
Today, India is on the path of several major transformations.
He also appealed to NRI community to motivate at least five foreign families to visit India every year for Bharat Darshan.
The Prime Minister said that the task of constructing toilets was undertaken in mission mode.
These projects include the Western Dedicated Freight Corridor, and the Char Dham Mahamarg Vikas Pariyojna.
An unprecedented number of countries from across the world, joined hands with us.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the MoU between India and Afghanistan on cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space.
City Gas Distribution ensures the supply of cleaner fuel (PNG) to households, industrial & commercial units.
In a way, this period is full of many significant events for the nation.
I congratulate the Finance Minister Arun Jaitley Jee for presenting an excellent Budget.
Skill India aims to ensure that new entrants to the work force have the necessary skills to contribute to the economy of the 21st century.
The growing depth and variety in our relationship has been accentuated by the harmony between our Act East Policy and ROK’s New Southern Policy.
In a way, entire India received his blessings.
We know how to distribute the fruits of progress and prosperity to the common man.
My dear countrymen, we’ll celebrate Guru Nanak Jayanti on the 4th of November.
Our festivals, impart to us many social values.
It is because of such efforts that we have improved significantly on the Ease of Doing Business rankings from 142 to 77”.
More than 146 million people are receiving direct cash subsidies through bank accounts on cooking gas alone.
Russia reaffirms its strong support to India’s candidature for a permanent seat in a reformed United Nations Security Council.
They have taken this campaign in a religious manner.
The Prime Minister also said that Yoga can help in improving concentration.
Singapore entities have become major partners with India in areas like urban development, planning, smart cities and infrastructure development.
He emphasized that the government is committed to the wellbeing of the elderly population.
They are living testimony to the ancient and strong cultural and religious ties between the peoples of India and Nepal.
He will witness the e-Gruh Pravesh of 240 beneficiary families.
Creating an enabling environment for business and attracting investments remains my top priority.
My dear brothers & sisters, we celebrated ‘Infantry Day’ yesterday.
71 countries, including India, participated therein.
I am also keen to interact with the Indian Community in Portugal during the visit”, the Prime Minister said.
These measures too have increased the efficiency of energy use.
The 2nd of October, this year, has a special significance.
The visit of Your Excellency provides us with a vital opportunity to take this relationship forward.
From the activities launched today, you can see the depth of relationship between the two countries.
The Prime Minister said that the Indian Economy has grown at a healthy rate of 7.7 percent in the fourth quarter of 2017-18.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister described this conclave as a new beginning in the public sector sphere.
He said that it is essential, as a society, to stay connected to our history.
Thank you, Nandri.
A holistic campaign has been launched to urge and invite people to send letters and messages to the Armed Forces.
It is helping response agencies in quickly organizing themselves, and enabling citizens to connect more easily with authorities.
On Citizenship Bill, PM urged people not be carried away by the rumours related to the citizenship bill.
Last year was the birth centenary year of Nelson Mandela.
The MoU was signed on 25th September 2018.
Our tree and forest cover has also increased by one percent in the last two years.
The member countries may utilize the BRICS Network of Labour Research Institutes and BRICS Social Security Cooperation Framework for cooperation on Social Security and other labour issues.
He described GST is an example of Cooperative Federalism.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress of nine infrastructure projects in the railway, road, petroleum, and power sectors.
He added that India would also make an immense contribution to it.
The estimated daily fuel savings are to the tune of Rs. 27 lakhs.
Lower labour costs, large domestic market and macro-economic stability combine to make India a very attractive investment destination.
Mahatma Gandhi’s philosophy has inspired the whole world.
India has emerged a hub for start-ups and innovation.
In the next two months, we will be busy in the hurly-burly of the general elections.
To improve last mile delivery, we are improving governance, by increasing access to digital technology.
However, legal reforms can deliver desired results only when there is an effective and efficient dispute resolution mechanism.
The areas of cooperation on Youth matters includes exchanges of youth, representatives of youth organizations, and government officials in-charge of youth policy-making.
The Prime Minister also appreciated the progress in defence technology cooperation between the two countries.
Such Mock Parliaments will further the spirit of discussion among our youth, he added.
Officials are working towards providing all possible assistance in the wake of the cyclone.
On reading further, I came to know how our youngsters put in efforts to transform the lives of the common man by making smart and creative use of technology.
• Solar Photo-Voltaic energy has become economical compared to all other energy sources.
Foreign investors have made record investments in India today.
They reiterate the important role of the United Nations, including the High Level Political Forum on Sustainable Development, in coordinating and reviewing global implementation of the 2030 Agenda.
In 2018, we are projected to grow at 7.4 per cent.
He said the work for the sea wall, once completed, will help protect the island of Car Nicobar.
Last year, to boost our capital and investment linkages, we have revised the Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement.
India is setting new records not just in the field of sports but also in hitherto uncharted areas.
While appreciating the cultural significance of Jallikattu, the Prime Minister observed that the matter is presently sub-judice.
This will help provide better health and maternity care for the weaker sections of the society.
That is why the Indian Ocean has a special place in the policies of the Government, he added.
PM will release a synopsis of the Green Rameswaram Project.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today inaugurated the Kochi Metro, and travelled briefly on the new metro line.
As democracies, we have shared values.
An enabling alternate dispute resolution ecosystem is a national priority for India.
We have also done well in the field of wildlife conservation.
The Prime Minister welcomed Russia’s unconditional support to India on the issue of cross border terrorism.
He mentioned his visit to the Cellular Jail, and the point where Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose had hoisted the tricolour 75 years ago.
In course of the conversation today the Prime Minister explained India’s policies in the areas of climate change and environmental sustainability.
59. The Sides reiterated their commitment to further strengthen global non-proliferation.
The first 100 percent literate city and first 100 percent literate district have been from Kerala.
This gallery, at 153 metres height, can accommodate upto 200 visitors at one time.
Our armed forces have consistently displayed unparalleled courage and valour.
The whole world observes this as World Yoga Day.
These initiatives have resulted in 42-place jump in the Ease of Doing Business rankings in the last four years, he added.
There was a time in the past where some products from India had achieved a global reputation.
These are also our values.
He released a postal stamp on “Ramayana,” on this occasion.
I am happy to note that the State Government has announced 19th June as the reading day.
Your generation also faced relentless hardships.
The Prime Minister said that if man does not nurture nature, then nature reacts in the form of climate change.
He commended their dedication towards education and for making it their life mantra.
The Prime Minister invited Kazakhstan to become a member of the International Solar Alliance.
Life moves ahead depending upon the condition that whatever the sense of mission you have achieved and whatever is the sense of ambition that you nurture, whether there is any ongoing co-ordination between your sense of mission and your sense of ambition!
Savings of fuel due to elimination of delays at State border crossings will help the environment as well, he added.
The Prime Minister reviewed the flood situation during a meeting with Shri PinarayiVijayan, the Chief Minister of Kerala, and officials of the State Government.
Kochi Metro Rail Limited is a fifty – fifty Joint Venture of Government of India and Government of Kerala.
The Defense Research & Development Organization (DRDO) has prepared this memorial in a very short span of time.
Package of twelve services including free universal screening for common NCDs.
BHIM Aadhaar App for digital transaction has come as a surprise to the world.
With the same spirit, I had started a similar movement by name of VANCHE GUJARAT when I was Chief Minister of the State.
This is a reflection of our commitment to provide houses to the poor people, to the middle class.
The National War Memorial, near India Gate in New Delhi, is a fitting tribute to our soldiers who laid down their lives defending the nation, post-independence.
This is the true spirit of women empowerment all over the country.
At present there are 45 lakh Self Help Groups with active participation of around five crore women all over rural India.
“A grateful nation salutes our valorous air warriors and their families on Air Force Day.
The Prime Minister recalled Dr. Ambedkar’s words, that we should make our political democracy, a social democracy as well.
Obviously, a lot of effort will converge to make this a popular activity.
This is a good beginning.
Prime Minister will then proceed to Odisha.
He added that the cooperative movement is in sync with the nature of Indian society.
At the outset, I wish to express our sincere condolences on the loss of life due to the recent earthquake in Aceh .
Terming it as a historic day, the Prime Minister dedicated PM-SYM Yojana to the forty two crore strong unorganized sector workers in the country.
And now the festival of Eid is here.
I expect a good, healthy debate with excellent contribution from all the political parties..
This Agreement shall enter into force on the first day of the second month after the Contracting Parties notify each other in through diplomatic channels, that the necessary national legal requirements for entry into force of this Agreement have been fulfilled.
Initiatives like GST and strict action against corruption has helped people doing honest business.
The time has come for this to be seriously considered and debated.
He said the Government is addressing the special needs of the North East to enable growth parity with the rest of the country.
He said the Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchai Yojana envisions water for every farm.
He also spoke of the benefits that the other development projects launched today would bring about.
He said that the Tarakote Marg would provide an alternative route to the Mata Vaishno Devi Shrine, which would facilitate pilgrims.
The Prime Minister also noted that Bhuj would get a modern bus port, like other cities in Gujarat.
Captain Nishad’s efforts for the progress of Bihar were noteworthy.
January, February, March, April – all these are for every family, months of most severe test!
She was a woman who could live a luxurious life but she dedicatedly worked for the poor.
We have full faith in the bravery and valour of our security forces.
Within hours, the video has generated tremendous interest on platforms such as Twitter and Facebook.
The Sides agreed to explore opportunities of joint collaboration in precious metals, minerals, natural resources and forest produce, including timber, through joint investments, production, processing and skilled labour.
My dear countrymen, today as we refer to Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose, that too in ‘Mann Ki Baat’, I would like to share with you an incident from Netaji’s life.
Everybody recalls the efforts and constructive role of the UN in establishing peace throughout the world.
We favor the same approaches to ensuring peace and security and shaping a global architecture that reflects cultural and civilizational diversity and at the same time strengthens unity of humankind.
Schoolchildren from various Atal Tinkering Labs shared their innovations with the Prime Minister.
The Prime Minister called for an end to the “chalta hai” attitude of complacency, and its replacement with an attitude of “badal sakta hai” for positive change.
After the Indian Ocean Tsunami of 2004, the five worst affected countries brought in new laws for disaster risk management.
We agreed that efficiency of water and resource use; water conservation and its purification; productivity increases in agriculture are key areas in deepening our bilateral cooperation.
On 10% reservation for the general category poor, the Prime Minister has said that this is a step in the right direction.
We are enacting a Goods and Services Tax law, to create an integrated national market.
The Sides agreed to deepen cultural and humanitarian ties within the SCO.
All these great men travelled widely in India.
After the start of the project Customs administrations of both countries will be committed to its further expansion.
We live in an era where diamonds are used in spectacles, watches and pens.
The Food Safety and Standards Authority of India has been engaged in ensuring that processed food made in India, matches global quality standards.
He underlined the importance of a clean and vibrant River Ganga.
My dear countrymen, in our country, there is a Neelakurinji flower which blooms once every 12 years.
We need to ensure that we build it to best available standards of disaster safety.
It needs efficiency in energy use.
It is for the first time since independence that such a scheme is envisaged for the crores of workers engaged in the informal sector, PM added.
The Government has undertaken a range of transformational initiatives.
He said that today’s launch of IPPB is one more step to achieve this objective.
4. Regulation of pharmaceuticals, medical devices and cosmetics and exchange of information thereon;
Today our monetary policy, Start Up India, Stand Up India initiative have become seedbed for our young innovators and young entrepreneurs.
He noted that India is making rapid strides towards a gas based economy.
The government has stressed upon bringing more foreign investment in the country.
But more than a billion people across the globe still do not have access to electricity.
The meeting was attended by several Union Ministers who look after economic subjects.
Social media is transforming disaster response.
In disaster after disaster, affected people are using social media to help each other.
This holy month of Ramzan will definitely be helpful in further strengthening these values of peace, unity and goodwill.
Dr. Abdullah conveyed Afghanistan’s deep appreciation for India’s continuing support for infrastructure development and capacity building in Afghanistan.
Out-bound tourism from India is growing at one of the fastest rates in the world.
The Prime Minister spoke at length about how the Union Government is working for the welfare of the farmers.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Monday reviewed progress of key infrastructure sectors including petroleum and natural gas, power, renewable energy and housing.
We are a young Nation.
He unveiled a Road Map for overall development of tribals during the next five years.
The European Investment Bank has lent over one billion Euros to India towards environmentally sustainable projects including the Lucknow Metro.
He was committed towards eradicating injustice and inequality from society.
In our effort to build disaster resilience, we stand shoulder to shoulder with all the nations of the region.
I myself will also be a candidate during this election.
Government has also asked banks to raise the credit limit for small industry from 20 per cent of turnover to 25 per cent.
The dedication of these doctor friends engaged in selfless service is truly worthy of praise.
I urge you to participate in Run for Unity, the festival of mutual harmony.
It is in the interests of producersthat other economies keep growing steadily and rapidly.
The Prime Minister also met representatives of the Ceylon Workers Congress, and the Tamil Progressive Alliance.
In a few hours, we will be ushering in the new year of 2017.
The beneficiary who takes a loan under the scheme would be provided interest subsidy for loan amount upto Rs. 2 Lakhs.
The poison of casteism and communalism can never benefit the country.
Government of India has launched ‘Pradhan Mantri Kisan Sampada Yojna’ to encourage infrastructure building.
In the year 2001, Atalji changed the time of presenting the budget from 5 pm to 11 am.
Prime Minister Modi and Prime Minister Abe will hold the 12th India-Japan Annual Summit, at Mahatma Mandir in Gandhinagar, Gujarat on the 14th of September.
Together we will build such an India where nobody will compromise with corruption and nepotism.
We salute the courage & invaluable service of the Indian Army.
He said the Statue would generate considerable tourism opportunities for the region.
Chief of Naval Staff, Admiral Sunil Lanba, was present on the occasion.
We get the mantra to enable the society to fight against blind-faith through devotion and bhakti.
It is seen, this situation is coming up even at a comparatively younger age.
60. Our resolve is to build an India, which provides all the opportunities to the youth and women to fulfil their dreams.
If you have pursuit of knowledge as your focal point, then by itself you try to acquire and attain a lot more.
After hockey, good news for India also came in badminton.
The Prime Minister said Seva Bhav is a part of our culture.
He said Adi Shankara had united India, through the Vedas and Upanishads.
The wave of love and faith that spread across the nation is an indicator of his great personality.
This year will see the first ever Tri-services exercise INDRA–2017.
The Government and people of India are with you in your journey towards peace and greater prosperity.
We have over 300 million middle class consumers.
Historically temples have played a key role in our societies.
In this context, I extend hearty greetings to F.S.S.A.I for this initiative.
They appreciated the Prime Minister’s stand on the issue of Triple Talaq.
This is a day to reaffirm our commitment towards further strengthening our democracy by unfailingly participating in democratic processes at the local, state and national levels.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved Memorandum of Cooperation between India and Finland on Environmental Cooperation.
The efficiency of supply chains is a key factor in any manufacturing enterprise.
The agreement on trade remedies signed today would strengthen our trade partnership further.
The National War Memorial complex includes a central obelisk, an eternal flame, and six bronze murals depicting famous battles fought by Indian Army, Air Force and Navy.
He said the brand of Amul is known globally, and has become an inspiration worldwide.
Prime Minister Modi conveyed his good wishes for the progress and prosperity of the friendly people of Malaysia.
I urge you to the utmost, let’s join this initiative.
Increase in maternity leave is a welcome provision.
With their collective efforts, they have not only changed their own fortunes but have changed fortunes of the whole region.
Kerala was also the first state to attain 100 percent primary education.
On similar lines, on the 25th of December, I learnt of the loss of SulagittiNarsamma in Karnataka.
Diversity calls for celebration; and not confrontation.
First, all development sectors must imbibe the principles of disaster risk management.
Talking about Self Help Groups (SHGs), Prime Minister said that Self Help Groups play a very important role in the economic and social advancement of poor, especially for women from rural strata of society.
The proposed Bill will ensure that the nomination of workers’ representatives in tripartite bodies by the government will become more transparent.
Let me begin by congratulating NITI Aayog for organizing this global conference.
He recalled India’s commitment to generate 175 GigaWatts of energy from renewable sources by 2022.
In the next few weeks various education boards across the country will initiate the process for the board examinations of the tenth and twelfth standards.
The train is expected to significantly reduce travel time between the two cities.
Your doing so will go a long way in building a New India.
It is anchored in the belief that our people are pivotal partners in our effort to craft responsive, collective and inclusive solutions.
I wish you success in your efforts.
PM said “this memorial reminds us of the great sacrifices of the people of our country for the cause of freedom”.
India’s core values are rooted in our civilizational heritage.
In this context he mentioned the agreement of Units 5 and 6 of the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant.
The Prime Minister said, “We have taken a major step to provide education facilities at the higher educational, technical and professional institutions in addition to the reservation for the poor from general category.
The Prime Minister said that this gathering today represents the hopes and aspirations of the people of India.
In the course of the day, the Prime Minister interacted with people in Kavaratti, and Kanyakumari.
The results are already visible.
The Indian delegation, which was led by the Minister for Commerce & Industry, and Civil Aviation Suresh Prabhu, participated in the Eastern Economic Forum in Vladivostok in September 2018.
This change brought about two important changes in India’s politics.
Today, our fishermen take small boats to the sea.
The Bharatmala scheme is aimed at improving road connectivity by constructing national corridors and highways.
We keep learning something or the other from great men and women, saints, sages, holy people.
You should participate in this initiative and especially I urge you to make you children witness these campaigns.
With this new practice of people’s participation, our effort to take the country forward with people’s involvement will help us to reach our goal.
Strong people-to-people contacts and the presence of a large Indian Diaspora in Canada provide a strong foundation for the relationship.
We celebrate Air Force Day on the 8th of October.
In June this year, we have further relaxed our FDI regime.
In the spirit of regional cooperation, India will soon launch the South Asia Satellite.
• Nation will not gain anything by standing with those who have plundered the nation.
I pray for the quick recovery of those injured.
All this will affect energy demand.
Its state-of-the-art facilities will cater to the health care needs of the region.
The high level review meeting was attended by officials from PMO, NITI Aayog and other Ministries.
He also added that India believes that a strong America is good for the world.
He said that the happiness of the beneficiaries who featured in the presentation today, was evident to everyone present at the gathering.
Under the aegis of this campaign, separate programmes on village development, poverty amelioration and social justice will be held throughout India.
The dream of “Ek Bharat – Shreshtha Bharat” is inherent in this.
This traditional calendar depicts our bonding with natural and astronomical events.
As we implement the Sendai Framework, we would welcome new opportunities for regional and international collaboration.
The children can be made to take the stairs instead of taking the lift.
This time every devotee will be able to have a darshan of the pious Akshayavat after the holy dip in the confluence.
9. Ambitious targets have been set that includes key health indicators and others to spur performance.
• Along with the High Speed Rail project, a training institute is also taking shape.
“We salute the valour of those who were martyred during the dastardly attack on our Parliament on this day in 2001.
India is today the world’s fastest growing large economy.
My mind is filled with memories of working with M Venkaiah Naidu Garu, in the Party & Government.
He emphasized that we, the people, must also work as per the expectations that our guardian – the Constitution – has from us.
Reading can help broaden one’s thinking.
The two leaders will deliver statements to the media.
He said that the officers present in the gathering today have delivered leadership, despite often having to operate in an environment of negativity.
•India will emerge as a global leader in transportation sector through cutting edge technology and skilled manpower.
Khadi and handloom have transformed the lives of the poorest of the poor and are emerging as a powerful means of empowering them.
The resulting expansion of health care facilities will lead to the creation of a large number of jobs.
This has given us an opportunity to emerge as a leading arbitration jurisdiction.
In no time, “Selfie with Daughter” became a big campaign not only in India but across the whole world.
The Prime Minister has emphasized the importance of innovation and technology for the progress and development of the nation.
He said that India is making a mark in the start-up sector due to the talent of its youth.
He also explained the various spin-off benefits, including on health and tourism that can accrue through the Swachh Bharat Mission.
If possible, we can make the elder family members accompany these children to the playground and play with them.
It is a tremendous honour to be the first Indian Prime Minister ever to visit this beautiful region of Sri Lanka.
Today, the President and I have had detailed discussions.
Bilal is very young age wise but is a source of inspiration for all of us who are interested in cleanliness.
To continue our commitment in this area, I am delighted to announce the construction of an additional ten thousand houses in upcountry areas under this project.
He appreciated the people of the Nicobar Islands for their spirit and hard work in rebuilding the islands after the tsunami.
“Strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Kabul.
The Government has taken a number of steps to boost investment.
Last year in November, India organized the first-ever South Asian Annual Disaster Management Exercise.
Space technology will touch the lives of our people in the region.
101 of these satellites were owned by countries such as USA, Israel, Switzerland, Netherlands, Kazakhstan and UAE.
Reviewing the coal sector, the Prime Minister called for renewed efforts towards underground mining and coal gasification, through infusion of latest technology inputs.
Prime Minister said that the culture of taking everyone along makes India different from all other countries.
And, it is a particular pleasure to jointly inaugurate this Conference with our friend and partner, President Ashraf Ghani of Afghanistan.
It is a matter of happiness for all of us that today Arun Ji is also amongst us after the recovery.
His Highness and I discussed ways to transform our energy ties in a strategic direction through specific projects and proposals.
Prime Minister of Mauritius Mr. Pravind Jugnauth will be the chief guest of the PBD convention.
He said “high-speed corridors” would be regions for rapid growth in the future.
Let us build mechanisms to meet global expectations, he asked the Secretaries.
The Prime Minister said that the Government is focused on providing affordable healthcare for the poor.
In India,as in most emerging economies, our challenge is to grow horizontally as well as vertically.
The MoU is intended to promote innovation, creativity and economic growth in both countries.
Such events gained more popularity with the passage of time.
Five new Metro Rail Projects covering a total length of over 140 kilometers have been approved.
The Prime Minister expressed confidence that India would be able to take advantage of the fourth Industrial Revolution.
Welcoming the members of the delegation, the Prime Minister said that democracy’s greatest strength is harmony and amity (मेल मिलाप).
It is realising it’s true potential and people’s aspirations are being fulfilled at a record pace.
I am hopeful that this new course will further consolidate the financial skills of new aspirants joining this profession.
At the feet of the Statue of Unity, the Prime Minister performed a special prayer.
Millions of people take a dip in the holy rivers on theoccasion of MakarSankranti.
He will also dedicate to Nation the West- North Inter-Region Power Transmission Strengthening Project to ensure uninterrupted power supply to Western Uttar Pradesh.
In Karnataka, especially in far-off, remote places, thousands of women availed of her services.
Indian youngsters have distinguished themselves due to their futuristic and out-of-the-box thinking.
The MoU was signed on 31st May 2018.
I urge you all to be a part of this campaign.
I extend felicitations on behalf of the entire nation to the entire team and support staff.
Prime Minister assured her of India’s full and constructive cooperation in discharging her new responsibilities.
The 182 metre statue of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, will be dedicated to the nation on his birth anniversary, at Kevadiya in Narmada District of Gujarat.
This is India’s unique beauty that spirituality and science complement each other in our culture.
My dear countrymen, Ganesh Utsav is drawing near.
May the blessings of the mighty Himalayas be with you.
And, recorded one of the highest growth rates in the Euro zone in 2016.
I welcome Brazilian companies to come and invest in India and to forge long term commercial partnerships.
The sagacity of conserving rivers and water is inherently reflected in many of our festivals.
When Rajani approached her father, expressing her wish to learn boxing, he encouraged her, arranging for whatever possible resources that he could.
On the energy front, we are now the fifth largest producer of renewable energy in the world.
India has a robust strategic partnership with all the three countries.
My dear countrymen, you must’ve returned to your respective routines after the Diwali vacation, with a new resolve, with a new determination.
He mentioned the work being done towards modernization of transport infrastructure.
India and Russia pledged to cooperate with each other to achieve these goals.
The MoU was concluded in July, 2017
The interaction covered over one crore women representing various Self Help Groups.
India has been home to several saints, seers who have served society and reformed it, he added.
Savarkaralong with his band of brave hearts celebrated the 50thanniversary of the First War of Independence with great fanfare at India house in London.
Electricity reached each & every village of the country this year.
People explained to him, the hardships faced by them on account of the cyclone.
Gujarat has made a significant contribution in our nation’s history, especially during the freedom movement.
They called for all issues related to the Iranian nuclear programme to be resolved peacefully and through dialogue.
Recent trends indicate that Asian centres like Hong Kong and Singapore have emerged as preferred arbitration destinations.
The other three terminals are under construction at Sahibganj, Haldia and Gazipur.
In particular, he called for innovative approaches in areas such as skill development and tourism.
He said that in the last three years, the Union Government in India has focused on improvement in quality of life of the people.
There are more than 8 lakh doctors.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that in the 21st century, the youth will take India to new heights.
Secretary Carter briefed Prime Minister on the progress in taking forward the decisions and understandings reached in June this year.
It is no surprise that today Japan is India’s fourth largest source of FDI.
Through her work, she spread the message of the importance of cleanliness and service to mankind.
This is the result of our fight against black money.
During the operation, a sailor from Thailand Navy sacrificed his life.
26th January, our Republic Day was celebrated with joy and enthusiasm in every nook and corner of the nation by all of us.
He congratulated the people of India on the occasion, and said that the bullet train project will provide speed and progress, and deliver results quickly.
We are happy to have this opportunity to deepen our engagement with the bank and its members.
The Prime Minister said both leaders also discussed ways to counter terrorism and radicalization.
Today is the birth anniversary of Veer Savarkarjee.
The team members presented the Prime Minister with an autographed bat, a ball and a team jersey with the Prime Minister’s name.
The number of new tax payers filing income tax returns has more than doubled.
It will provide top quality healthcare to the poor, he added.
Over sixteen thousand kilometres of gas pipeline has been constructed and an additional eleven thousand kilometers is under construction.
A heritage that connects our societies across generations and through centuries.
A number of conventions and seminarshave been organised on various topics.
He recalled that during Mann Ki Baat in December 2017, he had called for organising Mock Parliaments in the districts.
Even this year, we should try to organize ‘Run for Unity’ in our village, town, city or metropolis.
Both Sides noted recent investments by Indian companies in the diamond manufacturing in the Russian Far East.
He added that the innovative spirit of our ancestors must be kept alive.
Here, on this occasion, I specially want to inform colleagues from other countries about Give-it-up campaign.
The industry and business in our two economies can shape attractive partnerships through the flagship programmes launched by my Government.
Our mutual cooperation and coordination on many forums like BRICS, G-20, Indian Ocean Rim Association, IBSA, is very strong.
The Prime Minister said that Chief Ministers of States had played a key role in policy formulation, through sub-groups and committees on issues such as Swachh Bharat Mission, Digital Transactions, and Skill Development.
The grid is part of Government’s plan to provide cheap and quality gas to the entire North East Region.
My thoughts are with his family and well-wishers in this hour of grief.
I hope the industry is in constant touch with them.
I have countless fond memories with him.
Whether it is thousands of feet high mountains of Himalaya or be it desert area singed by sunlight, Yoga is flourishing the life in every situation.
We have exceptionally good political and people-to-people relations with each and every country in the ASEAN region.
Usually, when people’s movements have arisen, the people and the government have been at loggerheads.
The Prime Minister tweeted that the Centre has assured all support to the Bihar government to mitigate the flood situation and that the situation is being monitored closely.
Let us pledge to free India from poverty, dirt, corruption, terrorism, casteism, communalism & create a ‘New India’ of our dreams by 2022.
Five (5) Companies of BSF, CISF and RAF’s have been deployed in the State to carry out rescue and relief measures.
Our goal is to build a relationship that reflects our shared priorities and draws on enduring bonds between our peoples.
Yoga has created a world record again this time also.
Iran will continue to achieve new heights under the dynamic leadership of President Hassan Rouhani.
Saddened by his passing away.
They have always displayed a unique spirit in times of natural calamities like storms, cyclones, floods and forest fires to extend full assistance to our countrymen.
64. The Sides noted that the participation of the Prime Minister of the Republic of India Narendra Modi in the SCO Heads of State Council Meeting in Qingdao in June 2018 marked successful involvement of India in the work of the Organization as a full-fledged member.
From the point of larger scale of operations and higher value addition, an investor is also attracted by a large domestic market size, availability of skilled labour and good physical infrastructure.
The Prime Minister will visit an exhibition on the theme “technology and rural life.”
· Insurance companies have also been advised to pay the insurance claims of people affected by Ockhi cyclone expeditiously.
He said the effort is to showcase India’s glorious past, and vibrant future.
Our United Payments Interface system or UPI along with BHIM App and RuPay Card has shown the true potential of digital economy in India.
Our trade synergies with Europe and South East Asia through the Spice Route are well known.
Shri Narendra Modi said that connectivity is necessary for development today.
These steps have greatly benefitted not only the poor, but also the middle class, PM said.
We have to take everyone and every section of the society along to take the country forward.
In this very Kranti Mandir, a visual arts museum has been established.
We have taken decisive steps and built a governance system that will help India realize its potential.
He said there is immense potential for tourism in Varanasi, and all efforts should be made to keep the city clean.
The Prime Minister emphasized on the shared values between India and Japan.
PM distributed certificates to the beneficiaries of various schemes.
The Prime Minister further said that adequate capital, courage and connecting with people are required for excelling in the start- up sector.
All of us pay tributes to the martyrs who sacrificed their lives for the motherland, by observing silence for 2 minutes at 11 am on 30th January.
The whole environment is filled with sacred fragrance.
The selected bank will co-brand the Kochi Metro Fare Card and App with the bank’s name.
The leaders reviewed regional and global issues.
He practised in the Gauhati High Court on constitutional, taxation and company matters.
17. Proposed to expand basket of vaccines to all the states.
“On the special occasion of their Statehood Day, greetings to the people of Meghalaya.
I hope that the amount of emphasis that is given to the rights at every level during most of the time, is also given to discussing duties of citizens in an emphatic manner.
My dear countrymen, I am not a Yoga teacher.
It is true that from time to time, political parties have made constructive efforts to improve the system.
These shortcut ways become the reason for using unfair means.
One can imagine one’s agonizing mental state if her world gets shattered at such a early age!
10 days ago, Mother India had to bear the loss of many of her valiant sons.
About 12 crore farmers are expected to benefit from PM-KISAN.
PM said his Government’s drive against black money was a bold and decisive step.
I am delighted that younger generation is taking interest in knowing about our history, about our freedom fighters and about those who made sacrifices for the country.
The situation that has emerged in Karnataka and Tamil Nadu, as a fallout of the issue of distribution of the waters of the Cauvery River, is distressful.
“A warm welcome and best wishes to all teams taking part in the FIFA U-17 World Cup.
They will not be spared.
He will then arrive at the Wall of Unity, and inaugurate it.
To increase energy efficiency, my government has given the highest ever priority to the railways.
PM said that Ayushman Bharat Scheme will create an entirely new ecosystem which helps to create healthier India.
The recommendations of these sub-groups have been incorporated by various Ministries of the Union Government, he added.
He is among the best orators our nation has produced, the Prime Minister added.
“I am delighted to join the programme to mark the conclusion of the Narmada Seva Yatra in Amarkantak, Madhya Pradesh, tomorrow afternoon.
He said the National Highway network in Uttar Pradesh has almost doubled in four years.
The Prime Minister said that the next step in this movement of Swachhta, should be conversion of waste to wealth.
India has achieved a rating upgrade after a long wait.
My dear countrymen, Navratras are going on.
Our cultural engagement is expanding.
State Governments must act tough on those inciting violence in the name of Cow protection
The Paika Rebellion (Paika Bidroha) was fought against British rule, in Odisha in 1817.
At a public meeting, the Prime Minister will unveil a plaque to mark the laying of Foundation Stone of the Rail Coach Refurbishing Karkhana, Sonepat.
There was appreciation for India’s economic reform agenda, including GST.
The Prime Minister also emphasized the importance of Farmer Producer Organizations.
Even a common man gets a unique diving feeling when he visits this place.
Recently, the Government of India has standardized the specifications for rolling stock and signalling systems of metro rail.
57 Teams of NDRF involving about 1300 personnel and 435 Boats are deployed for search and rescue operations.
Not only this, we are also the sixth largest producer of renewable energy.
The meeting was attended by Chief Minister Vijay Rupani, other senior ministers and top officials of the State Government, disaster response agencies and PMO.
I appreciate the Election Commission for relentlessly striving to ensure the strengthening of our democracy.
Any further request for incurring the person days would be considered as per the requirement projected by the State.
Her stellar innings in semi finals will always be remembered.
I appealed to people to give a book instead of bouquet as a greeting.
In a short time, the new year of 2017 will begin.
Just a few days ago, in the Junior Under-20 World Athletics Championship in Finland, India’s brave daughter and a farmer daughter Hima Das made history by winning the gold medal in the 400-meter race event.
vii) Any other area of cooperation as may be mutually decided upon.
President Temer’s visit provides an important occasion to work on a roadmap to achieve this.
Such measures have propelled our economy into a high growth path.
Record growth in last two and a half years
Consumers are also being made aware through the “Jago Grahak Jago” campaign.
Under this scheme, over 10 crore families will be provided health assurance worth Rs. 5 lakh each, every year.
We now have electricity in every village.
I am aware that the Government of Sri Lanka is taking active steps to improve your living conditions, including a 5-year National Plan of Action.
He recalled the felicitation of Indian soldiers by Bangladesh in New Delhi last year.
“Ustad Hussain Sayeeduddin Dagar’s demise is saddening.
I hope that this will help us in moving forward.
You will be glad to know that the productivity of Lok Sabha remained 118 percent and that of Rajya Sabha was 74 percent.
PM will inaugurate the upgraded Tezu Airport in Arunachal Pradesh.
In different games, our athletes have made the country proud.
My dear countrymen, ‘Mann – Ki – Baat’ has garnered accolades; it has also attracted criticism.
Our people to people ties and exchanges, as always, provide the bedrock of our ties of friendship.
Later, in 1945, when the Freedom Struggle gained momentum, he prepared an amended copy of those ideas.
By removing physical barriers at state boundaries, GST will accelerate long haul transport and further increase efficiency.
Establishment of a security dialogue in order to develop a comprehensive action plan on security cooperation.
The MOU on proposed development of a fertiliser plant in Malaysia and off-take of surplus urea from Malaysia to India is a welcome development.
He complimented the Ministry of AYUSH for the establishment of the All India Institute of Ayurveda.
The Government of India has also provided support to the activities of the foundation.
In the education sector, we have taken an important step to grant the universities freedom from restrictions to make them the world class universities.
He added that Vietnam is a key pillar of India’s “Act East” policy.
“Today, a day after Diwali, Gujaratis mark the start of a New Year.
As the world’s most populous Muslim nation Indonesia stands for democracy, diversity, pluralism, and social harmony.
For these purposes the Sides maintain cooperation between the National Rail and Transportation Institute (Vadodara) of the Republic of India and the Russian University of Transport (MIIT).
After Independence, for the first time ever, the tricolor was hoisted at Red Fort on the 75th anniversary of the formation of the Azad Hind Government.
Plastic now threatens to become a menace to humanity.
India is now the most preferred investment destination in this sector.
His phenomenal contribution to the freedom struggle lives on in our hearts.
We are proud to have taken numerous decisions that have furthered women empowerment.
It will be such pleasant blend of Yesterday, today and tomorrow that it will lend a new dimension to Yoga.
He said the Government’s focus is on increasing productivity through high speed connectivity.
The Prime Minister said that every effort is being made to ensure a unique experience for devotees coming for the Ardh-Kumbh.
It is a time for praying to Ma Durga.
Sports are considered a waste of time in our society.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to bus accident in Mandya, Karnataka.
This line will boost Tripura as the gateway to South and Southeast Asia.
At the same time, an important responsibility of the State is to protect its own citizens.
This is in addition to Rs. 100 Cr. announced by the Home Minister on 12.08.2018.
Just two days back, I have written letters to all governments and all leaders of the world about the Yoga Day.
The Prime Minister appealed to citizens to help and enroll in PM-SYM, those working in the unorganized sector, whether it is in one’s house or in the neighborhood.
Friends, strengthening of our emotional bonds will also strengthen our shared cultural and trade heritage.
The Prime Minister pressed a lever to commence a Virtual Abhishek of the statue.
The law and order situation is being closely monitored.
Our two countries share vibrant and growing people to people ties.
It will cater to film students especially those from the North Eastern states.
