Through the commitment of 125 crore countrymen, through the manpower of 125 crore countrymen, through the sacrifice
Exhibition on state-of-the-art or futuristic technologies and space exploration will be held which will present a practical vision
He popularized the musical traditions of India on a global scale.
During the meeting, the Prime Minister urged the athletes to use technology to improve their performance.
Institutions also contributed greatly.
He said that PSU has contributed significantly to nation building and the economy of the country since independence.
He said India is currently ranked third in the power ranking in the World Travel and Tourism Council 2018 report.
Our bilateral defence cooperation is based on strong mutual trust.
In June 2015, I had the opportunity to welcome you to India.
BHIM is India Interface for Money.
The Indian community in Portugal has played a vital role in deepening our bilateral relations.
He underlined that the project was approved in January 2015 and is now available for use.
He said he is committed to providing affordable healthcare to the poor and middle class.
I wish my countrymen the best on this holy festival of spring Panchami.
He congratulated the people of Kashi for the warm welcome of French President Emmanuel Macron.
He hoped that the Government would soon achieve the goal of 100% rural road connectivity.
The expectations of the country at this time, the feeling of achievement, are also natural.
The Prime Minister also said that these facilities will also attract tourists.
Regional and international cooperation will help to advance such works.
He reiterated India's commitment to a strong and strengthened bilateral policy partnership with the United States.
As part of this, the Government has started training one lakh Raj Mistry.
Countries that leave behind their heritage lose their identity.
The Japan Plans system has also helped in the process of cooperation.
Women are empowered, and now they are also armed.
The Prime Minister said that the benefits of India's success are also available to our partners.
We have understood the need for urgent action to prevent the spread of terrorism, extremism and violent extremism.
I will also address a public meeting.
We will work tirelessly for our socioeconomic upliftment in every possible way.
Under this programme, nearly 10 million households have been provided with gas connections in just seven months.
He called on the people of Pakistan to ask their rulers to fight against corruption and counterfeit notes.
There are many important features of this Metro project.
Recently, the beloved poet of our country, Neeraj Ji, left us.
But someone has to make this decision for the country.
It is inspired by the truth teachings of Gautama Buddha and Mahatma Gandhi.
His contribution is highly appreciated in India and the UAE.
The Prime Minister laid the foundation stone of pipeline and road projects.
The Prime Minister said that the last few years have been golden years for the relations between the two countries.
Our players have done great and on this basis India has become the Asian Cup champion after ten years.
You will remember that India had a great performance at the Asian Games this time as well.
I would also like to thank Ankstad for stepping up India's initiative with strength and playing an active role in bringing it to
Any accumulation of waste or dirt within the four walls of these places is considered unclean.
The Prime Minister encouraged the Assistant Secretaries to take the best of their experiences while engaging with various Ministries in the coming times
My dear countrymen, greetings.
He urged all officials to step up the adoption of Government E-Market (GIM) in their respective departments.
The Government has set a target to expand piped natural gas to one crore households in the next five years.
This reduces their productivity.
Army Chief General Dalbir Singh was present at the event.
He will address the assembly.
He was the first Indian to circumnavigate the world alone in a small boat without any modern technology.
He expressed his happiness that the States are now hosting investor conferences.
The Prime Minister said that India will celebrate the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi from October 2.
From a foreign investor's perspective, India is considered to be the lowest risk political economy.
He told the students that they should think about innovative solutions to the problems facing the people.
A scheme for black money disclosure was launched during the same period.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi welcomed and wished all the teams participating in the FIFA U-17 World Cup.
The Prime Minister will also address a public meeting.
His father is a labourer while his mother works as a fish salesman.
This is a living example of a changing environment in itself.
He repeated the mantra of Shri Inamdar of 'Sacram, Not Cooperation'.
The decision should be made within six months during the Fast Track process.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi paid tribute to Mahatma Gandhi and Lal Bahadur Shastri on their birth anniversary.
During his tenure, the timing of the budget was changed.
I was told by some that a few days ago, more than three lakh people joined the cleanup campaign in Jabalpur,
He said that our universities need to move from traditional to innovative education.
India has always been an inspiration to others in terms of intellectual capacity and enterprise.
This is why many letters have come about agriculture.
The gathering of people and the taking of anchors raised a sense of unity and equality.
All of these are aimed at bringing about a broad transformation in the country and paving the way for the creation of a New India
48. Together we will build an India that is free, healthy and fulfills the dream of Swaraj.
1. Exchange and training of physicians, officials, other health professionals and experts
He said that the event is being held to honour the women Sarpanches who have made a significant contribution to the Swachh B
He described the Constitution as the soul of our democratic framework.
Our soldiers also did yoga in Sichuan, where the temperature is minus 20, 25, 40 degrees.
In response to a question from a team working for the creation of rural digital entrepreneurship, the Prime Minister said that it is important to
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will attend the Annual Conference of Director General of Police at BSF Academy, Tekanpur,
Several aspects emerged which can certainly be beneficial for the students.
Under this, we provide approximately 700 scholarships per year for study in Sri Lanka and India.
Reiterating his view, the Prime Minister said that the two countries are a strong and important link in promoting bilateral relations between the
India gained independence because of great men like him.
The main features of this tunnel are as follows:
The new Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code will make it easier for investors to exit their business.
The freedom struggle is more connected to our spirit.
The Administrative Council reviews the work done during the past year and discusses future development priorities.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi reviewed the progress of the Namami Gange programme on Thursday evening.
He also said that the Central Government makes decisions not for political gain but in the national interest.
In fact, 1.25 billion people in India are equally fond of Japanese people.
He asked NITI Aayog to take follow-up steps with the States on the suggested actionable points within three months.
Prime Minister Abe and I never miss the opportunity to meet each other.
He said that the common man and business will certainly benefit from this innovative decision.
It has taken its wings from our democratic traditions which emphasize both wealth and value creation, reinforcing the spirit of
Most complaints relate to poor service quality, connectivity and service obstruction of landline connections.
I salute all those heroes with all my heart and respect.
The mapping of disasters is necessary for example for earthquakes we need to have broadly accepted standards and norms.
The Chief Ministers and senior officials of these states were also present at the meetings.
At the 23rd meeting today, the Prime Minister reviewed progress towards handling and resolving consumer complaints.
Every assistance is being provided to the State Government to deal with this crisis.
It was the unparalleled leadership of Atal Ji who laid the foundation for a strong, prosperous and inclusive India of the
In terms of planning and implementation, if we fail to manage this progress, the human and economic losses from disaster will be greater than
India is still one of the top FDI destinations in the world, according to the Global Investment Report of AnkTad.
This number is expected to double in the next 10 years.
This Rudraksh will be a cordial gesture of affection from Japan to Varanasi.
Specific Action Plan is being prepared and implemented at the local level.
Training for employment and self-employment is being conducted with a view to fulfilling the aspirations of young people for a better life
A new India is emerging.
The Prime Minister welcomed the leaders of the BRICS and BIMSTEC family ahead of the summit.
Calling for focus on preventive healthcare, the Prime Minister said that Swachh Bharat Mission is an important step in this
This was conceived by Prime Minister Abe and I when we visited Varanasi together in 2015.
46. Together we will build an India free from terrorism, communism and racism.
In this regard, he discussed India's digital infrastructure and its interfaces including Aadhaar, UPI, e-N
We say very naturally that unity in diversity is the characteristic of India.
He urged the children that the praise and fame they are receiving should not hinder their future progress.
Under Ayushman Bharat Yojana, about 10 crore families, or about 50 crore citizens, will spend Rs 5 lak
So the Swachh Bharat Mission - Searching for Swachh Bharat - is linked to beliefs and spiritua
He said that these good deeds require close coordination and sustained monitoring.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has wished all citizens on National Voter Day.
To this end, we have launched the Make in India campaign.
His courage is a source of inspiration.
India's biggest tax reform, GST, has been implemented recently.
The Prime Minister will also attend an exhibition held at Rajpath Lawn on the occasion.
Given the global uncertainties, India needs energy security.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will inaugurate a section of the new Mezzanta line of Delhi Metro on December 25.
Shri Narendra Modi will launch the mass e-house entry of 25,000 beneficiaries under the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana through
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has expressed his condolences for the loss of lives caused by the storm in Tamil Nadu.
The earth is our mother and we are her children.
Discussing the importance of water conservation, he said that the people of Kutch understand this very well.
He also issued a commemorative postage stamp on the occasion.
They have unique powers and insights.
The famous nationalist and Tamil poet Subrahmany Bharati is known for his revolutionary poem 'Pudhumai Penn
We have a strong and favourable investment policy framework to promote domestic hydrocarbon production.
The UAE is one of our most valuable partners and close friends in a significant part of the world.
What goals can the gem and jewellery industry set for itself by this date?
The Maratha Navy was responsible for the security of these forts.
We will also encourage and enhance the trade and industries of both countries to increase the quality and volume of bilateral trade.
He urged the people to use Bhim App and adopt cashless transactions.
Referring to the achievements in the field of cleanliness, the Prime Minister said that since 2014 the scope of cleanlin
The Prime Minister said, "Tribute to Mahatma Phule on his birth anniversary.
Start-ups have been exempted from income tax payments for 3 years.
We are keen to increase investment in next generation infrastructure including roads, ports, railways, airports, telecommunications, digital
In fact, we have now entered a period that many have called the Asian century.
He distinguished himself as a hardworking and people - friendly administrator at both the Delhi Government and the Centre.
Our defence scientists have also made India proud.
But the reality of the House is that the judges are more troubled than the players.
This will not only improve our refining and processing capacity but also allow for timely and efficient completion of the project.
Addressing a public meeting, the Prime Minister called water a gift of nature.
He noted with great concern the growing threat of terrorism and violent extremism and its universal reach.
This is the common vision of Meera, President Xi and Prime Minister Li.
It has become the world's main engine of development.
The transport sector will undergo a major transformation in the next few decades following the adoption of electric vehicles;
The Prime Minister said that initiatives like the Prime Minister's Safer Matrivat Vyapavan and Mission Indra Dhanush
It is sad that Mr. Hawking is gone.
In this way, he brought our beloved triangle closer to the common man.
It is the responsibility of all of us countrymen to keep historical heritage safe and clean.
He said that the Lok Court can play a major role in speeding up the settlement of pending cases with the judiciary.
He also encouraged teachers to bring digital change to their schools and their surroundings.
He said that this will be a tribute to Mahatma Gandhi on his 150th birthday in 2019.
The Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone of the project of doubling the 425 km long railway line at Jhansi-M
In Singapore, I will focus on enhancing India-Singapore partnership in the areas of fintech, skill development, urban planning
"I wish you all the best on National Voter Day.
The Prime Minister participated in detailed and separate review meetings on flood situation in Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur
They will provide certificates to the beneficiaries of various schemes.
This reflects India's desire to set global standards.
We are proud to be the global host for World Environment Day 2018.
Our partnership in the field of energy is an important bridge of our connection.
He was a master of the reestablishment of diplomatic relations between India and Portugal.
The Prime Minister said that it is his vision of development that all these states are progressing rapidly.
In fact, this event was not only reduced but also an attempt to boost our self - esteem.
He said that it is our collective responsibility to save Mother Earth.
He congratulated all those involved in the construction of this statue.
The Prime Minister said that India regards Israel as an important partner in our path to sustained high growth and inclusive development.
The Prime Minister stressed the importance of maintaining equality in the co-operative movement, which he said is still largely in
The Prime Minister said that the freedom struggle became a mass movement because of the efforts of Mahatma Gandhi.
Addressing the huge crowd in Ahmedabad, Prime Minister Narendra Modi highlighted the high ambition and willpower of New India
As of August this year, 290 million such accounts have been opened in Indian banks.
The Prime Minister appreciated how with confidence and resilience poor women have fought against all the odds.
Guru Gobind Singh, the tenth Guru of the Sikhs, has been a source of inspiration to the people through his teach
He said that during the last three to three and a half years, the Central Government has worked to fulfil that vision of social democracy.
Sullaghitti Narasimha was an assistant to help pregnant mothers and sisters in childbirth.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that we should think about how research can help our farmers.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the Assistant Secretaries Programme provides an opportunity for junior and senior officials to interact
Honorable Speaker, on behalf of the House, on behalf of the people, I congratulate you and wish you all the best!
FDI in India was at its highest level in 2015-16 while the rate of FDI in the world has fallen.
As a market economy, our needs and our power are complementary.
Similarly, when you are strong as a nation, you can also live peacefully with all.
2. Support in development of human resources and health services and establishment of health facilities
Since its inception, more than 7 lakh poor patients have been benefited in just 100 days.
The railways will now be able to contribute in a better way to meet the transportation needs in the country.
Now the incorporation of the company is a matter of one day.
Addressing the audience, the Prime Minister said that today Motihari is showing the same spirit of mass movement as it did in the
Now, some other important decisions have been taken in the interest of the farmer brothers.
Today it will be a joy for the Ganna farmers that our ethanol production has tripled.
Earlier today, I announced direct flights of Air India from Colombo to Varanasi.
Everyone says that, but do we have any responsibility?
Security and Defence Cooperation has given an emerging new dimension to our relations.
Regional multilateralism through institutions such as AIIB can play a significant role in helping to mobilize the necessary resources.
From the water to the mountains, people welcomed the sun's rays in the morning and early morning through yoga.
These mountains here are the inspiration for yoga and Ayurveda.
The Prime Minister said congratulations to M. Vankaiah Naidu Garuru on his election as Vice President of India.
Atal Ji was a true patriot.
We appreciate your vision and leadership to lead our country out of crisis and on the path of economic prosperity.
In my experience, to achieve better results, we have to rely on people's leadership.
This can only happen when long term investments in business are made which create employment opportunities and sustainable economic growth.
He also noted that sports also contribute to the growth of the body, building faith and overall development.
He was warmly welcomed on 14 and 15 September 2016 during the visit of His Highness Dr. Mohammad Ashraf Ghani
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress in implementing the scheme for setting up new medical colleges attached to existing district/referral
The foundation meeting of the alliance was held in New Delhi earlier this year.
The army has taken a pledge to completely destroy the terrorists and their allies.
You too can be a great catalyst in boosting tourism in the country by using the time from October to March.
In Anand, the Prime Minister will inaugurate modern food processing facilities including Amul's state-of-the-art chocolate plant
I want to share with all of you the very positive results of this.
He praised the people of the state for declaring Jammu and Kashmir free from open defecation in September 2018.
Our past has always been woven with restraint.
17. The two sides welcomed the signing of the MoU between the National Corporation of Small Industries of India and the Russian Small and
Congratulations to our junior hockey team on winning the Junior Hockey World Cup.
This means that in a way, the farm is being connected to any market in the country.
More than Rs 800 crore of unnamed assets have been seized by the government.
The Prime Minister encouraged the officials to develop contact with the people around them and those they meet during their duties.
We are moving rapidly towards renewable energy generation.
If we practice Asana and Pranaama regularly, we can protect ourselves from many diseases as well as good health.
He said that the Union Government is also putting a lot of emphasis on development of waterways.
The Prime Minister stressed on ensuring maximum benefit for the poor and the lower classes of society under this scheme.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has extended his best wishes to the people on World Health Day.
If these suggestions are in the interest of our country, we will definitely consider them.
He has shown that when the goal is set, the courage is high and the resolve in the mind is fulfilled, it can be
Uttarakhand has been a major centre of yoga for decades.
You will be pleased to know that this award for best policy making in this sector is similar to the Oscar in that field.
The Prime Minister said the Government is continuously working to create a business-friendly environment in the country.
We are now globally integrated economy.
The world's largest infrastructure to be built in the next two decades will be in our region.
At the same time, India is a major milk producer.
He said that a teacher is connected to the stream of knowledge for life.
Identified areas of mutual cooperation include safe and sustainable infrastructure and integrated water management.
The government debt burden as a percentage of GDP is continuously decreasing.
14. Other areas of cooperation as per mutual decision.
My dear countrymen, in the 'Mann Ki Baat', we talk about individuals and institutions who are doing something extraordinary for
The Prime Minister said that the work of social service should be a source of pride for all.
He was a master at making the idea come true.
We have achieved more potential in renewable energy than in conventional energy during 2017.
You must have been pleased and satisfied to hear that Khadi and handloom were sold so much in the same store.
Referring to the current Nutrition Month, the Prime Minister said that the pace of this campaign should not be diminished.
We are also looking at various strategies for better disaster management.
The Prime Minister congratulated the medal winners for exemplary performance in the international arena.
Today I will also have the opportunity to meet people of Indian origin living in the Netherlands.
He said this is a sign that the world still recognizes the relevance of Mahatma Gandhi's ideals.
The presentation, based on energy and environment, included suggestions related to various energy sources and energy efficiency.
The most important role in this historic occasion is that of Chartered Accountants.
He said the Government is giving great importance to innovation and research.
I am particularly grateful to Prime Minister Abe for his encouragement and personal support.
We were particularly impressed by President Moon's decision to send First Lady as Special Representative to the Dipoत्सv ceremony held
Shri Govind Singh believed that the greatest service is to end human suffering.
Now, about 3,000 small and large traders have been granted this privilege through the new Special Notified Zones.
As strategic partners and maritime neighbours, the two leaders stressed the importance of strengthening security and defence cooperation between the
This work was continuous, to create in us a feeling of inferiority by belittling our culture.
The livelihood has reached the hands of the poor.
He said that today India is not only the fastest growing economy in the world but has also emerged as one of the fastest pov
Sister Nivedita Ji restored the pride of Indian culture.
Before I begin, I would like to tell you about some of the recent achievements of our scientists in India.
He said that the District Minerals Foundation will provide extensive assistance to the poor and tribal people.
The delegation interacted with the Prime Minister on topics such as Women Entrepreneurship and Women Empowerment.
This has benefited millions of artisans and workers.
Our domestic market is divided into pieces.
In dialogue with the Prime Minister, the beneficiaries of Jan Aushadhi Project expressed their satisfaction at the quality of medicines being received
The top officials of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, NITI Aayog and the Prime Minister's Office briefed the
The project of the Varanasi Convention Centre is a symbol of cultural cooperation between the city of Kyoto and Varanasi, Japan.
The economic and social benefits of the Metro Rail system are obvious.
He said that a National Strategy has been drawn up to create a strong backbone for research in Artificial Intelligence a few months ago
This includes photography and geotagging.
This is the Prime Minister's third official visit to Kollam.
New AIIMSs are being opened in different states to provide better treatment and health facilities to people across the country.
I will also address the Indian community.
I pray to God for the well-being of all those injured in the train accident.
To further this mission, the Government is bringing some new schemes for the country's 1.25 crore citizens on New Year's
He had thrown a triangle in Khardong-la, Ladakh on August 15, 2017.
Of these, one million are connected to the diamond industry alone.
4. Maternal, infant and newborn health;
The funds will be used for repair, maintenance and strengthening of roads, highways, bridges and other infrastructure.
The two sides underlined the importance of cooperation in the field of traffic education, personnel training and scientific support for the implementation of international traffic
He said that hard work can overcome all obstacles and it helps us to achieve the most difficult objectives.
He expressed hope that the medal winners will not lose their fame and accolades and will focus on excellence.
We have abolished the FDI Promotion Board.
The Prime Minister will pray in front of the Statue of Unity.
Addressing a public meeting, the Prime Minister congratulated all those who worked for this landmark.
The exhibition shows more than 100 fine methods and imitations.
The Prime Minister reiterated that India is a strong supporter of the multilateral trading system.
Immediately after Diwali, our country has witnessed a historic purification.
He said that in this way, projects worth Rs 12 lakh crore have been accelerated.
We have come together to shape and support our common activities and efforts in an international context.
In this direction, we have launched far-reaching legal reforms.
The Prime Minister described the Paris Climate Agreement as a shared heritage of the entire world and expressed hope that it will be a new bea
The two sides agreed to convene a Ministerial and Coordination Meeting of INSTC on a priority basis.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi will visit the Andaman and Nicobar Islands on 29-30 December.
The Prime Minister appreciated the spirit and hard work of our farmers for their achievements in agriculture since independence.
India is one of the most investor - friendly economies in the world.
His achievement is unique in that he made his challenge the means of his success.
He reiterated the commitment of the Union Government to provide universal coverage of seven major schemes to 45,000 additional villages in 115
For example, under India's Housing Programme, 10 million houses in urban areas are targeted.
When all parties work together for the national interest, decisions are also good, decisions are made quickly, and results are also good.
Major financial agencies have also expressed their positive views on India's growth.
We need to change this thinking.
I have asked the Ministry of Defence to accelerate relief and rescue operations in the state.
The presentation by the Chief Executive Officer of NITI Aayog underlined that significant progress has been made in many areas.
These operations have been conducted in Korea, Cambodia, Laos, Vietnam, Congo, Cyprus, Liberia, Lebanon, Sudan, in various parts of
His singing will continue to attract people to Sufi music.
I am also looking forward to meeting with the leaders of nine other countries including the BRICS countries at the Emerging Markets and Develop
He helped to publish and promote Basu's research through his articles and conferences.
He stressed that the poor should also benefit from quality and affordable healthcare.
This shows that our young generation still has a passion for our heroes of our ancient heritage and history.
In two days, we will celebrate the birth anniversary of Shastri along with Bapu.
Urban development includes Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana, Amrit and Smart City Yojana.
Now, even with regard to digital transactions, there is a significant positive change in society.
Thus, it will benefit all sectors and classes of the country.
My condolences to his entire family, friends and supporters in this sad time.
It may be revoked by one party after six months of written notice to the other party.
You act as the interface between the government and the taxpayers, citizens and companies.
Congratulations to all sports lovers on the opening of the synthetic track at the Usha School of Athletics.
During the meeting, the Supreme Court's ban on Jalakhatu was discussed.
The Prime Minister said that sanitation or hygiene prevention is one of the most important aspects of healthcare.
Another important aspect of this project is that about a thousand women and 23 transgender people are being selected to work in the Kochi Metro Rail
We are now bringing our importance to the world through the rapid airplane.
I am sure that we will all benefit from each other's experience and expertise.
A Chair for Indian Studies has been set up at the University of Lisbon.
The two leaders also agreed to promote bilateral trade and investment in a balanced and sustainable manner, taking advantage of the beneficial arrangements between
Even attempts were made to destroy the confidence of Indians.
The award is given by the Food and Agriculture Organisation (FAO) affiliated to the United Nations.
This will prevent duplication of the process being carried out by the various departments for recognition of trade unions at the Centre and State level
It is natural for everyone to be proud of this great tradition of India.
He also dedicated the first phase of the Madhepura Electric Locomotive Plant to the nation.
We have focused on removing the obstacles that were preventing us from reaching our full potential.
This payment was ensured to farmers through sugar mills.
In Ahmedabad, Gujarat, about 55 thousand people joined together to set a new world record for yoga.
These are some of the questions I want to leave to you.
The Prime Minister said that the tourism sector has immense potential and the world is eager to come to India.
No civilized society can tolerate any kind of injustice against the female power of the country.
Perhaps, even my words today will serve as a relaxation for you.
Referring to the family and collective traditions of the islands, he said that this has been the strength of Indian society for a
These projects are related to various states including Haryana, Rajasthan, Gujarat, Maharashtra, Uttar Pr
He said that for India, there is not only an industrial change but also a social change.
Our dear leader, former Prime Minister of our country, Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee Ji, had clearly said that human rights
My heartfelt condolences to the families of the deceased.
Swachh Bharat Mission is an initiative in this direction.
This monsoon session of Parliament will always be remembered as a session of social justice and youth welfare.
He said that the large sum of money left over in these cases could have been used for the welfare of the poor.
His calm attitude towards the game will certainly help the whole team.
The Prime Minister said that various Government schemes like Swachh Bharat have given incentive to tourism in the country.
The first and 100th airport in Sikkim, Pakyong, opened. India won the Under-19 Cricket World Cup and the Bl
Science and technology
We must empower this legacy.
He said that it is also a responsibility to carefully conserve as much water as possible.
Teju Airport has been redesigned to suit commercial operations under the UDAN scheme.
The refusal of the court to enforce the judgment can only be done in accordance with international practices.
He said Kisan Pratapada Yojana is helping to strengthen the supply chain from farm to market and create modern agricultural infrastructure.
India will fully support their efforts in this direction.
This is an area where India needs to improve to remain competitive.
BIMSTEC is a natural platform for regional cooperation.
I had the opportunity to attend a very dearly loved event recently.
The exam itself should be a joyful occasion.
The practice of yoga creates a sense of unity - unity of mind, body and mind.
To address this problem, the Swachh Bharat Mission has now included the Swachh Iconic Places Project.
I see immense potential for investors that has not been exploited so far.
The Prime Minister said that in addition to the National War Memorial, the National Police Memorial has also been set up.
The Prime Minister said, "I am saddened by the tragic incident in Etha district of Uttar Pradesh.
During Diwali, sales of Khadi gift coupons have increased by almost 680 per cent.
The Prime Minister said in his message, "I am saddened by the deaths and destruction caused by the tsunami after the volcano
Let us move forward with this mantra.
To leave the house for the first time, to leave the village, to leave a protective environment, you have to become your own sar
He also believed in the power of education.
My dear countrymen, in the 'Mann Ki Baat', the Aakhvani is always filling with new colors with its
Yoga guarantees both fitness and wellness.
He said that the biggest challenge for medal winners is now beginning and they should not lose sight of the Olympic Games goal.
The Prime Minister appreciated the efforts of the State Government, all other agencies to deal with the flood situation so far.
The Prime Minister expressed his deep condolences on behalf of himself and the people of India for the loss of lives and property in the recent
He said that our youths can never be dismissed.
The Prime Minister said that Raani Lakshmibai is an inspiration to every Indian.
The MoU will form a framework and help to enhance R&D and scientific cooperation between Indian and Canadian academic institutions.
The limit on withdrawal from ATMs and banks has also been set for a short time.
The Centre assures all possible assistance to make this situation normal.
You are the leader of a great nation.
I was at the Agriculture-Progress Fair held in Delhi recently.
He said that Adi Shankaracharya had assimilated and considered the virtues of different ideologies.
You will remember well that six female naval commanders were on a cruise for the last several months.
He mentioned several initiatives including GST implementation, natural resource auction, improvement of insurance and banking sector and skill development.
The Prime Minister said that special attention is being paid to the skill development of rural youth through DinDiyal Antyoday.
I pray for the speedy recovery of those injured in Mandi district of Himachal Pradesh.
Fortresses are symbols of our heritage.
The strength of the India-US Strategic Partnership lies in our shared values and common interests.
The successful launch of the South Asia satellite marks its completion.
He said that India and Bangladesh's commitment to cruelty and terrorism will continue to inspire future generations through Bangladesh Bhawan.
What torment the freaks of freedom will endure.
He said that the semi-Kumbha will show how New India integrates both heritage and modernity.
If these are among the youth of a country, then the country will not only advance in areas like economy, science and technology but also in
This is the 5th Indian Science Congress, which will be addressed by Shri Narendra Modi after taking office as Prime Minister, taking
Through the opening of these two cancer hospitals, Varanasi will become an important centre for better treatment of cancer-related diseases.
The Prime Minister will also interact with various stakeholders related to the Mission.
On our part, we obviously want more Japanese investment.
Speaking on the occasion, Shri Narendra Modi said that our minds are not ready to accept that Shri Vajpayee is
This is not fair to our rich experience and the abundantly available design talent.
We are with the bereaved families.
Jayalalithaa Ji's commitment to the people, her concern for the welfare of the poor, women and margina
He said that women now have a great opportunity to earn extra income because of the reduced time spent in the kitchen.
There are opportunities that are waiting to be used.
The Prime Minister recalled his visit to Malaysia in May 2018.
He said that better connectivity in the Northeast would also connect the region to the economy of Southeast Asia.
Stressing the importance of protecting nature, the Prime Minister said that playing with future generations would be an unethical and criminal act
Under PMGSY, 88 per cent of residential areas are now connected to rural roads.
DD Arun Prabha will be the 24th channel operated by Doordarshan.
Addressing the inauguration of Bangladesh Bhavan, the Prime Minister said that it is a symbol of cultural ties between India and Bangladesh.
Therefore, Make-in-India is stronger than ever for India and for the world supply.
I look forward to meeting with the politicians and friends of Nepal.
The occasion is considered to be the worship of Vidya.
India has also given hockey many great players.
The two leaders expressed confidence that a strong partnership between India and the United States will continue to be a key factor in global peace and prosper
197 million bank accounts were opened in one year.
The Prime Minister also congratulated the children on the occasion of Vishwakarma Jayanti and said it is important to learn different
His guidance and tireless push for social reform helped the disadvantaged.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister praised the event as an example of Indian traditions.
But we are in a free India.
He said that inspired by Mahatma Gandhi, Indians have made Swachh Bharat Mission the largest mass movement in the world
The UAE can benefit from joining the development of our manufacturing and service sector.
The Prime Minister said that the effort to eradicate leprosy from the country under the National Leprosy Motion Programme is a
3. Short-term training of human resources in health
The Prime Minister said India should show the world its heritage, pride and confidence.
Solar energy is gaining popularity in India today.
I would like to congratulate all the athletes who have won medals for the country.
Referring to the integrity of the Bukhara community in business, the Prime Minister said that the Government encourages honest traders and
Due to demand and technology, the nature of jobs in our country is also undergoing a huge change.
More than 40 countries have also sent their official delegations.
Even our ancient texts emphasize the importance of personal hygiene.
The MoU will help to move forward towards attracting Saudi institutions for potential investment in infrastructure in India.
The family of Shri Gurdwan Singh Ji has set a similar example before us.
The choices we have today will define our collective future.
Yoga can prove to be a strong foundation for discipline and development.
He said the Government aims to double the income of farmers by 2022.
Together, Together, for All Development can be our guiding light for cooperation and action in South Asia.
The Prime Minister told the Board members of USISPF that India and the US have benefited greatly from economic cooperation.
6. Training and management for the administration of health services and hospitals;
The award will be presented to Shri Modi on a specified day by the Seoul Peace Prize Foundation as agreed upon.
The Prime Minister stressed the importance of being proud of our history and our archaeological heritage.
To this end, we are strengthening the entire ecosystem of our administrative system.
The Prime Minister also unveiled a series of development projects related to the energy, connectivity and health sectors.
The independence of the judiciary is a fundamental feature of the Indian Constitution.
Later, he addressed a huge crowd at a ceremony to dedicate the Kochi Metro to the nation.
We have set a target to ensure 175 GW of renewable energy capacity growth by 2022.
Prime Minister Shri Modi said, "I will meet with President of Singapore, Halima Jacob on June 1.
The Prime Minister said that he has fulfilled his promise of a one rank one pension for ex-servicemen and he is happy to
He expressed confidence that Gujarat and the people of Gujarat will emerge strong and successfully from the flood challenge.
I look forward to many more brilliant successes.
"We are constantly working to simplify processes for small businesses.
Continuous availability of water is essential for agriculture.
You have seen how the attack took place within 100 hours.
The India-Japan Business Summit will arrive in India on the same day.
Since the council was formed 50 years ago, the industry has progressed rapidly in India.
India's development needs are vast and real.
Strategic decisions are taken not only in the warfare sector but also in factories of defence manufacturing industries.
He said that he himself has visited the North East region more than 25 times in the last four years.
Prayer, spirituality and charity are given great importance in Ramadan.
The Prime Minister also spoke about topics like climate protection and smart cities which were also at the centre of discussion.
Together, we will build an India where young people and women will have ample opportunities to fulfill their dreams.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today laid the foundation stone of several development projects of the Government of India and the Government of Jhar
He also congratulated those who have authorized the location around the temple for their land project.
The Prime Minister also mentioned the benefits that have been made possible in this state by various schemes such as Jan Dhan Yojana, Mud
He said that hygiene is a simple measure for preventive healthcare.
From Dehradun to Dublin, from Shanghai to Chicago, from Jakarta to Johannesburg, yoga is yoga, yoga is yoga.
But when I look at the impact of M. K. Bhatt, I am convinced that M. K. Bhatt
They can also be called nutritionally rich and climate - friendly crops.
Today we live in a connected world.
On 31st May, I will visit the India-Singapore Enterprise and Innovation Exhibition.
Many events are being held across the country to mark the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
India is the third largest economy in terms of purchasing power parity (PPP).
Strategic partnership
I am happy that for the first time the land on which houses are being built is being given to the beneficiaries.
We both agree that all countries need to take urgent action against those nations that create terrorism in our region, support, encourage and allow these
Due to the development of aviation sector, demand for aviation fuel is expected to increase fourfold by 2040.
The first of these is connected to infrastructure such as highways, railways etc. while the second is ensuring that the benefits of development
Issues of trade, investment, connectivity, youth and cultural exchange were discussed.
I have also been saying that India and Japan will play a major role in the growth of Asia.
The Prime Minister said that Gurudev Ravindranath Tagore wanted Indian students to step up from the world wide but retain their Indian
Dear countrymen, February 1, 2017 marks 40 years of the Indian Coast Guard.
This will give our strategic defence a great deal of strength.
I especially welcome and thank the 15 partner countries of this initiative of Vibrant Gujarat.
Today we are gathered here with the belief that we humans can do something for this planet.
If America is strong, India will naturally benefit from it.
The female beneficiaries shared how self-help groups have brought about positive change in their lives.
I once again salute Shri Guru Gobind Singh Ji.
He said that the Central Government attaches the highest importance to the development of East India.
Therefore, if new technology is tried to be used in the construction of new houses in India, it will have additional benefits.
If children in our family are also interested in sports, they should be given an opportunity.
He said that during the current fiscal year, States are receiving more than Rs.11 lakh crore from the Centre, which shows
The Prime Minister praised the schoolchildren for their scientific abilities and encouraged them to further such innovations.
The Prime Minister will also address a public meeting.
The day of the birth anniversary of Lord Mahavira is a day to remember his sacrifice and penance.
In addition, working capital loans on transactions through digital means have been increased from 20 per cent to 30 per cent.
In search of peace from the stress of modern life, Aksar people start to consume tobacco, alcohol and even drugs.
The Prime Minister appealed for efforts towards water conservation and water management at the war level.
In this context, he mentioned the initiatives of the Central Government which have reduced the price of medicines and stents.
The Prime Minister said that this honour is an honour of the people of India.
By becoming a Chartered Accountant Insolvency Practitioner, one can start his career in this new field.
You will also know how many administrative and financial steps the government has to take in the construction of highways.
In this context, he said that all government approvals including Construction Permits are being issued faster than before.
He said that besides the banana sector, we should also think about the global competitiveness of the banana cultivation.
India and Cyprus have close economic relations.
This will prove to be of great importance for both countries given the shared cultural heritage of the two countries.
During the meeting, the Prime Minister warmly welcomed President Shri Mirziyev and his delegation in Gujarat.
I am informed that over the last two years, Rs. 1.20 crore has been given to this Foundation.
He said India will be great and healthy only when its 125 crore citizens are healthy.
During the conversation, female crew members gave a presentation based on experience during the various dimensions of the mission such as preparation, training and
I strongly condemn the violence and pray for peace with all.
Unveiling the expansion of healthcare system in Bihar, he said that this is a historic day for Bihar in terms of health
He says that the role of parents in the exam is very important.
The objective of the Start-up Swachhata Hi Savi campaign today is to create greater public participation towards Swachhata.
My dear countrymen, like every time, I have received a huge number of letters, emails, phone calls and comments from
7. The deployment of a Medium Health Provider at the Sub-Center who is trained in primary health care and public
Maharashtra, one of the largest states in the country, has also come up with an effective plan for this.
Now, in some parts of the world, the Rathya Yatra of Lord Jagannath is celebrated.
He said that ITI will help the youth of the islands to empower them with skills.
His sport has made us all proud.
We are committed to doing what is sustainable and green.
India will form an alliance or centre in this region with its other partner countries and stakeholders to promote disaster recovery infrastructure.
To those who are looking for opportunities in India, I promise that we are committed to further reform our policies and processes to promote Make in India
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that new innovations play an important role in bringing the people of India and Israel closer
They also agreed to continue efforts to develop clean energy based systems, renewable energy and fuels, energy efficiency and pollution-free
He also outlined the steps taken to improve ease of access to the Internet.
Some people have taken advantage of the money from the Government of India for water conservation and water management in Manrega.
India is going through many major changes today.
He appealed to the MVA community to inspire at least five foreign families to visit India every year.
The Prime Minister said that the work of building the toilets was done like a mission.
These projects include The West Turn Dedicated Freight Corridor and the Char Dham Highway Development Project.
Countries around the world joined us in unexpected numbers.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its post-actionable approval for the signing of
It will deliver clean fuels (PNG) to homes, industries and commercial units.
It is a period of time filled with important events in the life of the nation.
I congratulate our Finance Minister Arun Jaitley for providing the ultimate budget.
Skill India aims to ensure that newcomers in the labour force have the necessary skills to contribute to the economy of the 21st century
The growing depth and diversity of our relations is more evident in the coherence of our Look East Policy and the New South Policy of the
In a way, the whole of India was blessed by him.
We know how the fruits of progress and prosperity are distributed among the common man.
My dear countrymen, on November 4th we will all celebrate Guru Nanak Jayanti.
Our festivals also teach us about social values.
Thanks to these efforts, we have managed to move our ranking from 142 to 77 in ease of doing business.
In the case of kitchen gas alone, 146 million people are receiving direct cash subsidy through bank accounts.
Russia has strongly supported India's claim of permanent membership under the reform of the UN Security Council.
He has carried this movement forward with great piety.
The Prime Minister said that Yoga improves concentration.
Singaporean companies have become major partners with India in areas such as urban development, planning, smart cities and infrastructure development.
He stressed that the Government is committed to better living for senior citizens.
Both these sites are vivid evidence of ancient and strong cultural and religious ties between the common people of India and Nepal.
He will witness the e-House entry of 240 beneficiary families.
Creating a business-friendly environment and attracting investment will remain my top priority.
My dear brothers and sisters, yesterday we commemorated the Infantry Day.
71 countries of the world including India participated.
I look forward to interacting with the Indian community in Portugal during the visit.
These measures have also increased the efficiency of energy use.
This year, October 2 has a special significance.
Your Excellency, your visit provides us with an important opportunity to further this relationship.
The programmes launched today can give you an idea of the depth of the relationship between the two countries.
The Prime Minister said that the Indian economy has grown at a healthy rate of 7.7 per cent in the fourth quarter of 2017-18.
Addressing the audience, the Prime Minister called the conference a new beginning for the public sector.
He said that as a society, it is essential to stay connected to our history.
Thank you, Nandri.
As the campaign is launched, people are invited to send letters and messages to the Armed Forces.
It is rapidly helping agencies and makes it easy for citizens to contact relevant authorities.
On the Citizenship Bill, the Prime Minister urged people not to pay attention to rumors.
Last year was the birth centenary of Nelson Mandela.
The Mansaita Daswaves was signed on 25th September 2018.
Our trees and forests have increased by one per cent in the last two years.
Member States may use the BRICS Labour Research Institutions and the Social Security Cooperation Framework to cooperate on social security and other wor
He called GST an example of cooperative federalism.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress of 9 infrastructure projects in the rail, road, petroleum and energy sectors.
He said India will also make a great contribution in this direction.
This will save fuel worth about Rs 27 lakh per day.
India has become an attractive investment destination due to its low labour costs, large domestic market and great economic stability.
Mahatma Gandhi's ideas have inspired the whole world.
India has emerged as a hub of start-ups and innovation.
In the next two months, we will all be busy with the election scandal.
We are improving administration by increasing access to digital technology to improve distribution to the bottom of society.
However, legal reforms can only yield the desired results when an effective and efficient dispute resolution mechanism is available.
The areas of cooperation related to youth affairs include the movement of youth, representatives of youth organisations and government officials in charge of youth policy
The Prime Minister appreciated the progress made in bilateral cooperation in the field of defence technology.
He said that the organisation of such artificial parliaments will increase the spirit of dialogue among our youth.
The authorities are working towards providing all possible assistance after the storm.
When you read it, you will learn how today our youths are trying to change the lives of ordinary people by using technology smartly and
Solar photovoltaic energy has become more economical than all other energy sources.
Today, foreign investors are making record investments in India.
He reiterated the key role of the United Nations, including the High-level Political Forum on Sustainable Development for review, in
India's economic growth rate is projected to be 7.4 per cent in FY 2018-19.
He said that once the sea wall is completed, it will help in securing the Car-Nicobar Island.
Last year, we amended the Double Taxation Agreement to boost our capital and investment ties.
India is setting new records not only in sports but also in areas that were never even thought of.
Given the cultural importance of Jallikattu, the Prime Minister said that the case is currently pending before the court.
This will help improve health and maternal care for the vulnerable sections of society.
Therefore, the Indian Ocean has a special place in the Government's policies.
The Prime Minister will also release the outline of the Green Rameshwar Project.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi inaugurated Kochi Metro today and travelled briefly on the new metro line.
As a democratic country, we share common values.
A viable alternative dispute resolution ecosystem is a national priority for India.
We have done a good job in the field of wildlife conservation.
The Prime Minister welcomed Russia's unconditional assistance to India on the issue of cross-border terrorism.
The Prime Minister recalled his visit to Cellulor Prison and the spot where Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose had thro
During the conversation today, the Prime Minister outlined India's policies in the field of climate change and environmental sustainability in detail
59. The two sides reaffirmed their commitment to further strengthen nuclear non-proliferation on a global scale.
The first 100 per cent literate city and the first 100 per cent literate district are from Kerala.
The gallery is 153 meters high and can be viewed by 200 guests at a time.
Our armed forces have always been characterized by unique courage and valour.
The whole world celebrates it as World Yoga Day.
He said that the result of these programmes has been that India has jumped 42 places in the ranking of ease of doing business in
There was a time in the past when some Indian products gained global reputation.
These are our values too.
A postage stamp on Ramayana was issued by him on the occasion.
I am happy to announce that the State Government has declared June 19 as Reading Day.
Your generation has also faced constant difficulties.
The Prime Minister said that if the person does not feed nature, nature reacts as climate change.
He praised her dedication to education and made it a mantra of life.
The Prime Minister invited Kazakhstan to become a member of the International Energy Group.
Life goes on if the sense of mission you have and the sense of ambition you have, is there any correlation between your mission and
He also said that the delayed burning of fuel during crossing the state boundaries would save fuel and benefit the environment.
The Prime Minister met with Chief Minister Shri Pinarayi Vijayan and State Government officials to review the situation arising from the flo
Kochi Metro Rail Limited is a 50:50 joint venture of the Government of India and the Government of Kerala.
The Defence Research & Development Organization (DRDO) has prepared this memorial in a very short time.
Package of twelve services for free universal screening for common NCDs.
BHIM-AADHAR App has become a marvel for digital transactions in the world.
When I was the Chief Minister of Gujarat, I started a similar movement called Vance Gujarat with this spirit.
This reflects our commitment to give homes to the poor, middle class.
The National War Memorial near India Gate in New Delhi is a fitting tribute to our soldiers who gave their lives to protect the country
This is the true spirit of women empowerment across the country.
Right now, there are 45 lakh self - aid groups in rural India with the participation of about 5 crore women.
The Prime Minister said, "The nation greets the brave Air Force personnel and their families on the occasion of Air Force Day.
The Prime Minister recalled the words of Dr. Ambedkar that we should build our political democracy as well as a social democracy.
Obviously, it will take a lot of effort to make it popular.
This is a good start.
The Prime Minister will then leave for Odisha.
He said that the Co-operative Movement is a coordination with the nature of Indian society.
First of all, I express my deep condolences to the people who lost their lives in the recent earthquake in Aceh.
Describing it as a historic day, the Prime Minister dedicated the PM-SYM Scheme to 42 crore unorganized
Now it is the festival of Eid.
All parties will also make a very good contribution.
The Agreement between the Government of the Republic of India and the Government of the Republic of Armenia on Cooperation and Mutual Assistance in Cust
The programme like GST and the tough action against corruption have helped people to do business honestly.
Now is the time to discuss it, to find a way.
He said that the Government is meeting special requirements to bring the North Eastern Region on par with other states of the country.
He said that the water for each farm has been envisaged in the Pradhan Mantri Agri Sikhya Yojana.
He also outlined the benefits that will be ensured by the other development projects launched today.
He said that the Tara Kot route would provide an alternative route to the Mother Vaishno Devi Shrine, which would facilitate pilgr
The Prime Minister also said that like other major cities in Gujarat, Bhuj will have a modern bus port.
The efforts made by Captain Nishad for the progress of Bihar have been remarkable.
January, February, March, April, all these months are months of probation in every family.
She was a woman who could live a comfortable life but she was dedicated to serving the poor.
We have full confidence in the courage and courage of our soldiers.
Within hours, the video on social media platforms like Twitter and Facebook generated a huge interest among the people.
The two sides agreed to seek opportunities for joint cooperation in wildlife products including precious metals, minerals, natural resources, wood through
My dear countrymen, today as we are discussing about Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, and also about Man Ki
Everyone remembers the efforts of the UN, its positive role in establishing peace in the world.
We support a common approach to ensuring peace and security and shaping a world that reflects cultural and civilized diversity and strengthens
Schoolchildren associated with Atal Tinkering Labs shared their inventions with the Prime Minister.
The Prime Minister called for the adoption of a "can change" approach to ensure positive change.
Five of the most affected countries after the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami have enacted new laws on disaster risk mitigation management.
We have agreed that water efficiency and resource use, water conservation and refinement, and increased productivity in agriculture are key areas
Referring to the provision of 10 per cent reservation to the poor of the middle class, the Prime Minister said that this is a step
We are introducing the Goods and Services Tax Act to create an integrated national market.
The two sides agreed to strengthen cultural and humanitarian ties under the SCO.
All these great men travelled extensively in India.
Once the project is started, Customs Administration of both countries will commit to further it.
We are living in a time when diamonds are being used in glasses, watches and pens.
The Food Safety and Standards Authority of India is working to ensure that processed food produced in India complies with international standards.
During this time, the expedition team will stop at Bishnore, Narora, Farukhabad, Kanpur, Alla
My dear countrymen, once every 12 years, the blue currant flower grows in our country.
We need to ensure that high standards of disaster safety are observed in their construction.
Efficiency in energy use is essential.
This is the first time since Independence that such a scheme has been launched.
The Government has launched a series of transformative initiatives.
He said that the launch of IPPPB today is another important step towards achieving this objective.
4. Rules for the exchange of medicines, medical devices and information
Today, the MUDRA Yojana, Start Up India, Stand Up India initiatives are giving birth to our young innovators, young entreprene
The Prime Minister said India is moving rapidly towards becoming a gas-based economy.
The Government is also emphasizing how more foreign capital can come to India.
He said that we are entering a period of greater energy availability but unfortunately more than a billion people in the world are still
Several Union Ministers took part in the meeting.
Social media is changing disaster response.
People affected in disaster and after disaster are using social media to help each other.
This holy month of Ramadan will surely help to advance this path of peace, unity and goodwill.
Abdullah appreciated India's continued support to Afghanistan in developing and capacity building Afghanistan's infrastructure.
We have taken steps like issuing e-Visa to promote tourism.
The Prime Minister explained in detail how the Central Government is working for the welfare of farmers.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi on Monday reviewed the performance of key infrastructure sectors including petroleum and natural gas, electricity,
We are a young nation.
He unveiled a roadmap for the full development of tribes over the next five years.
The European Investment Bank has contributed one billion euros to India for environmentally sustainable projects including the Lucknow Metro.
He was committed to eliminating injustice and inequality from society.
We will work shoulder to shoulder with the countries of the region to deal with disasters.
I myself will be a candidate in this election.
The Government has also asked banks to increase the cash credit limit for small industries from 20 to 25 per cent.
The enthusiasm of these doctors who are selflessly engaged in service is truly commendable.
I urge all of you to join in this celebration of mutual goodwill.
The rapid growth of other organisms is in the interest of the producers.
The Prime Minister also met with representatives of the Ceylon Workers Congress and the Tamil Progressive Alliance.
In a few hours, we will all welcome the New Year of 2017.
Interest subsidy on loan amount up to Rs. 2 lakh will be provided to the beneficiary borrowing under this scheme.
The poison of casteism, the poison of communism, can never do the country any good.
The Government of India has implemented the PM Kisan Pratapada Yojana.
In the year 2001, Atal Ji changed the time for presenting the Budget from 5 pm to 11 am.
The Prime Minister and Prime Minister Shri Abe will hold the 12th India-Japan Annual Summit at the Mahatma Temple in Gandhin
Together we will build an India where there is no compromise between corruption and nepotism.
We salute the courage of the Indian Army and its invaluable services.
He said the statue will provide immense tourism opportunities.
The Chief of the Indian Navy, Admiral Sunil Lamba was also present.
It is the mantra of society to fight against superstition with devotion.
And even at a young age when I saw this, this situation has reached.
45. Together, we will build an India where young people and women have ample opportunities to fulfill their dreams.
If you put knowledge at the center, you try to incorporate a lot of things into yourself.
After hockey, badminton has also brought good news for India.
The Prime Minister said that service is a part of our culture.
He said that Adi Shankaracharya had united India through Vedas and Upanishads.
The kind of affection, devotion and sorrow that poured out across the country for Atal Ji reflects his vast personality
For the first time this year, we will see INDRA-2017 as the practice of all three armies.
The Government and people of India stand with you in your journey towards peace and prosperity.
India has over 300 million middle class consumers.
Historically, temples have played a vital role in our society.
In this context, I congratulate the F.S.S.A.I. on this initiative.
The delegation appreciated the Prime Minister's stance on the issue of triple talaq.
It is an important day to reaffirm our commitment to further strengthen our democracy by participating in democratic processes at the local, state
The Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the MoU between India and Finland for Environmental Contribution.
Supply chain capability is important in any manufacturing enterprise.
The signing of the Agreement on Trade Measures today will further strengthen our trade partnership.
The National War Memorial complex includes a central quadrangle column, an eternal flame, and six bronze murals depic
He said that Amul's brand is known worldwide and has become a source of inspiration worldwide.
The Prime Minister conveyed his best wishes to Dr. Mohammad for the progress and prosperity of the people of Malaysia.
My biggest request is to join this initiative.
There is an increased maternity leave provision.
He changed not only his own fortunes but also those of his region through organized efforts.
Kerala was also the first state to achieve 100% primary education.
Similarly, the death of Sullagitti Narasimha of Karnataka was announced on 25th December.
Diversity calls for celebration, not conflict.
First, in all areas of development, we must embrace the principles of disaster mitigation management.
Discussing the self-help groups, the Prime Minister said that self-help groups play an important role in economic and social
The proposed Bill will ensure greater transparency in the enrolment of workers' representatives in tripartite faculties by the Government
I begin my speech by congratulating NITI Aayog for hosting this global conference.
He recalled India's commitment to generate 175 GWh of energy from renewable sources by 2022.
The various education boards across the country will start the process for the 10th and 12th class board examinations in the next few weeks
The railway is likely to reduce travel time significantly by running between the two cities.
This concrete step will help greatly in building a New India.
We are confident that our people will be decisive partners in our efforts to develop responsive, collective and inclusive solutions.
I wish you success in your endeavours.
The Prime Minister said, "This memorial reminds us of the great sacrifice of our people for freedom.
The basic values of India are embedded in our civilized heritage.
In this regard, he referred to the agreement on 5 and 6 units of the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant.
"We have taken a major step to ensure that education facilities are provided in higher educational, technical and professional institutions, besides providing reser
The Prime Minister said that the group gathered here today represents the hopes and aspirations of the people of India.
The Prime Minister interacted with the people in Kawarathi and Kanyakumari.
The results are already visible.
The Indian Delegation, headed by Shri Suresh Prabhu, Minister of Commerce Industry and Civil Aviation, participated in
This change brought about two significant changes in Indian politics.
Today, our fishermen take small boats to the sea.
Bharatmala Yojana aims to improve road connectivity by building corridors and highways.
We always learn something from saints, from sages, from the Muṇis, from the great men.
You should also take part in this and I would especially urge you to show these things to the children.
This new tradition of public participation for our country is our effort to advance the country through public participation.
Strong personal connections and the presence of a wide Indian population in Canada provide a strong basis for these relations.
On October 8th we celebrate Air Force Day.
In July this year, we have relaxed our FDI regime.
With a spirit of regional cooperation, India will soon launch the South Asia satellite.
• The country will not achieve anything by standing with those who have plundered the country.
I pray for the speedy recovery of the wounded.
All this will affect energy demand.
Its state-of-the-art facilities will meet the healthcare needs of the region.
The high-level review meeting was attended by officials from PMOs, NITI Aayog and other Ministries.
He said that a powerful America would be beneficial to the whole world.
He said that the happiness of the beneficiaries who were present in today's presentation was evident to the crowd present here today.
Under this, various programmes on rural development, poor welfare and social justice will be implemented across India.
The dream of a Shreshtha India is in this.
This traditional calendar shows how old our relationship with natural and astronomical phenomena is.
Just as we have implemented the Sendai Framework, we will welcome new opportunities for regional and international cooperation.
Make it a habit for children to climb stairs instead of going up and down the elevator.
This time, every devotee will be able to see the piety of Akshayut after the holy baths in the Sangam
9. Ambitious goals including key health indicators and motivating other actions.
• A high-speed rail project is being built along with a training institute.
We salute the brave martyrs who gave their lives during this cowardly attack on Parliament.
Today India is the fastest growing major economy in the world.
I remember working with Shri M. Vanikaya Naidu in the Party and Government.
He stressed that we too should act in accordance with the expectations of our guardian Constitution.
Reading helps people to expand their thinking range.
Both leaders will also give their voices to the media.
He said that the officials present at this conference today have provided the right leadership despite working in an environment of negativity.
India will emerge as a global leader on the basis of state-of-the-art technology and skilled human resources.
Khadi is emerging as a powerful tool for empowering and transforming the lives of poor to poor people through handlooms.
This will result in the expansion of health facilities which will create a large number of jobs.
This has given us the opportunity to emerge as a leading arbitration jurisdiction.
Not only in India, but also around the world, a huge campaign was launched for selfie with daughter.
The Prime Minister stressed the importance of innovation and technology for the progress and development of the nation.
He said India is establishing a record in the startup sector with the talent of its youth.
He outlined the benefits of the Swachh Bharat Mission in the health and tourism sector.
If possible, we, the elders of the family, should also go out and play with these children.
It is a great honour to be the first Indian Prime Minister to visit this beautiful region of Sri Lanka.
Today, the President and I have had extensive discussions.
Bilal Dar, the age is young but it is an inspiration for anyone interested in hygiene.
To continue our commitment to this area, I am pleased to announce the construction of an additional 10,000 houses in the subregional areas
He praised the spirit and hard work of the people of the Nicobar Islands in building the island after the tsunami.
In his message, the Prime Minister said, "I strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Kabul.
The Government has taken several steps to increase investment.
Last November, India hosted the first South Asian Annual Disaster Management Exercise.
Space technology will connect with the lives of our people in this region.
Of these, 101 satellites were from the United States, Israel, Switzerland, the Netherlands, Kazakhstan and the United Arab Emirates.
Reviewing the coal sector, the Prime Minister stressed the need for innovative efforts through the use of up-to-date technology
The Prime Minister said that the culture of bringing everyone together makes India different from all other countries.
It is a joy to me that I, along with my partner and friend, President Ashraf Ghani of Afghanistan, have had the opportunity
It is a joy for us that after the healing benefits, our Arun Ji is also among us today.
His Majesty and I have discussed ways to transform our energy relations into a strategic direction through specific projects and proposals.
The Prime Minister of Mauritius Shri Prvind Jagannath will be the chief guest of the 15th edition of the Pras
He said that High Speed Corridors will emerge as a rapidly growing area in the future.
He told the Secretaries that we should come together to create a system to meet global aspirations.
The Prime Minister said that the focus of the Government is on providing affordable healthcare system for the poor.
Like emerging economies, our challenge in India will increase both horizontally and vertically.
The MoU aims to promote innovation, creativity and economic development in both countries.
Over time, the popularity of these events grew.
Five new Metro Rail projects have been approved to build a 140 km metro line.
The Prime Minister expressed confidence that India will be able to benefit from the Fourth Industrial Revolution.
Welcoming the delegation members, the Prime Minister said that the greatest strength of democracy is harmony and harmony.
The aspirations of the people are being fulfilled at record speed with the capacity of the people.
I hope that the new Course will further strengthen the financial skills of newcomers to this profession.
The Prime Minister paid special worship under the Statue of Unity.
Even on Makar Sankranti, millions of people immerse themselves in holy rivers.
The Prime Minister will dedicate the Western-North Inter-Regional Power Transmission Line to the nation, which was built to ensure
He has served thousands of mothers and sisters in Karnataka, especially in remote areas.
Indian youth have achieved excellence in this field through their state of the art and leak-out thinking.
The MoU was signed on 31 May 2018.
I urge all of you to take an active part in this campaign.
My best wishes to the entire team and support staff from my side, from the people of the country.
The Prime Minister assured him of India's full and constructive cooperation in discharging his new responsibilities.
The 182-metre-high statue of Sardar Vallabhai Patel will be dedicated to the nation at Kevdi Ya
It is this special beauty of India that spirituality and science are complementary in our culture.
My dear countrymen, the Ganesh festival is coming in a few days.
May the blessings of the great Himalayas be with you.
It was one of the countries with the highest growth rate in the Eurozone in 2016.
I welcome Brazilian companies to come and invest in India and become long-term commercial partners.
Many of our festivals have a distinctive focus on saving rivers and water.
When Rajini expressed his desire to learn boxing from his father, he encouraged him by using all the means possible.
On the energy front, we are now the fifth largest generator of renewable energy in the world.
India has strong strategic relations with all three countries.
My dear countrymen, after the Diwali holidays, with new resolve, with new determination, you will all
The Prime Minister discussed the work being done towards modernization of transport infrastructure.
India and Russia have committed to cooperate with each other to achieve these goals.
The MoU was signed on July, 2017.
The Prime Minister's Dialogue Programme covered over one crore women representing different groups.
India has been home to many sages who have served and improved society.
The heroes of India House in London, including Savarkar, celebrated its 50th anniversary with a big ceremony.
Electricity was delivered to every village in the country.
The people shared the troubles caused by the storm with the Prime Minister.
Gujarat has made a significant contribution to the history of the country, especially during the independence movement.
He called for all issues related to Iran's nuclear program to be resolved peacefully and through dialogue.
Recent trends indicate that Asian centres like Hong Kong and Singapore have emerged as preferred sites for mediation.
The other three terminals are under construction in Sahibganj, Haldia and Gazipur.
He specifically called for innovation approaches in areas like Skill Development and Tourism.
The Prime Minister said that in the last three years, the Centre has focused its attention on improving the quality of life of the people
There are over 8 lakh doctors.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that in the 21st century, youth will take India to new heights.
Secretary Carton informed the Prime Minister of progress towards decisions and discussions in June this year.
It is no wonder that Japan has become the fourth largest source of FDI in India today.
He taught people the importance of hygiene and service through his works.
This is the result of our fight against black money.
A Thai naval officer also lost his life in the entire operation.
On January 26, our Republic Day was celebrated with euphoria and enthusiasm in every corner of the country.
On the occasion, he congratulated the countrymen and said that the Bullet Train project will bring about speed and growth and
We are very pleased to have this opportunity to increase our engagement with the Bank and its members.
The Prime Minister said the two leaders also discussed ways to combat terrorism and extremism.
Today is the birth anniversary of Veer Savarkar Ji.
Team members presented a bat, a ball and a team jersey with the Prime Minister's name signed to the Prime Minister.
The number of new taxpayers filing income tax returns has more than doubled.
This will enable quality health services to be provided to the poor.
Over 16,000 kilometres of gas pipeline have been built and an additional 11,000 kilometres are underway.
A legacy that has connected our society through generations and centuries.
Numerous conferences and seminars have been held on various topics.
He recalled his address during the 2017 'Mann Ki Baat' in which he appealed for the organisation of artificial parliaments
This year too, let us work hard to organize a Run for Unity in our villages, towns, cities, cities.
The two sides reviewed the recent investments made by Indian companies in the field of diamond manufacturing in the Russian Far East.
He said that the spirit of innovation of our ancestors must be kept alive.
On this occasion, I would like to speak to my colleagues from other countries about the Give-it-up scheme.
In our economies, industry and business can create attractive partnerships through the flagship programmes launched by my government.
Our cooperation and coordination is very strong in many forums such as BRICS, G-20, Indian Ocean Rim Association, IBSA.
The Prime Minister said that the Chief Ministers of the States have played a major role in policy-making through sub-groups and
The grid is part of the government's scheme to provide affordable and quality gas throughout the North East region.
My condolences to his family and goodwill at this time of grief.
I hope that the industry will be in constant contact with them.
I have countless memories with them.
Whether it is the Himalayan mountains of thousands of feet or the sunny desert, Yoga is enriching every life in
We have extraordinary political and public relations with every country in the ASEAN region.
Usually when there are movements for good, the government and the people are face to face.
The Prime Minister said in a tweet that the Central Government has assured the Bihar Government of all possible assistance to deal with the flood situation
We should pledge to free India from poverty, dirt, corruption, terrorism, racism, communalism and build a
Five companies of BSF, CISF, RAF have been deployed for relief and rescue work in the state.
Our goal is to establish a relationship that reflects our shared priorities and builds a deep bond between our people.
This time, once again, yoga also set a world record.
Under the skilled leadership of President Hassan Rouhani, Iran will continue to reach new heights of achievement.
I am saddened by the passing of George Sahab.
His passion for dealing with natural disasters from storms, hurricanes, floods to wildfires and helping the
64. The two sides underlined that the participation of the Prime Minister of India, Shri Narendra Modi, at the SCO National
In terms of operational efficiency and high value added, any investor is also attracted by the vast domestic market, the availability of
The Prime Minister will observe an exhibition on Technology and Rural Life.
Insurance companies are advised to deal with the claims of victims of Ochi Hurricane as soon as possible.
He said that efforts are being made to reflect India's glorious past and dynamic future.
Our UPI or United Payments interface system, as well as BHIM App and Rupee Card, are also reflecting the
Through spices, our trade cooperation with Europe and Southeast Asia is known worldwide.
Shri Narendra Modi said that connectivity is essential for development today.
The Prime Minister said that these steps have benefited not only the poor but also the middle class.
We have to take the individual, the people, every segment of society and we have to move the country forward with it.
A visual art museum has also been built in the same Revolution Temple.
We have taken several decisive steps and have developed a governance system that will help India realize its potential.
He said that there is a lot of tourism potential in Varanasi and every effort should be made to keep the city clean.
The Prime Minister emphasized the shared values between India and Japan.
The Prime Minister distributed certificates to the beneficiaries of various schemes.
The Prime Minister further said that sufficient capital, courage and people are essential for the success of startups.
On January 30th, we all pay tribute to the martyrs who gave their lives for the country by keeping a two minute silence at
The whole atmosphere is filled with holy fragrance.
The name of the selected bank will be released as a co-brand on the Kochi Metro Rental Card and App.
The leaders discussed regional and global issues.
He started his practice in constitutional, taxation and corporate matters at Guwahati High Court.
17. All States have a problem of widespread vaccination.
The Prime Minister said, "Wishing the people of Meghalaya on the special occasion of State Establishment Day.
I hope that at every level, at all times, the same force is put on rights, the same force is put on duties.
My dear countrymen, I am not a yoga teacher.
It is true that the political parties have also made meaningful efforts to reform the system from time to time.
These shortcuts are the reason for copying.
We can imagine what the state of mind would be like when the world was destroyed at this young age.
10 days ago, India - Mother lost her brave sons.
The Prime Minister said that about 12 crore farmers are likely to benefit from the PM-Kisan scheme.
The Prime Minister said that the Government's campaign against black money is a bold and decisive step.
I am happy that the younger generation is interested in learning about our history, our freedom fighters, those who sacrificed for this
The situation in Karnataka and Tamil Nadu regarding the distribution of Kaveri water is very sad.
The Prime Minister said, "Welcome and wishes to all the teams participating in the FIFA U-17 World Cup.
They will not be forgiven.
The Prime Minister will then visit the Wall of Unity and inaugurate it.
My Government is prioritizing railways to increase energy efficiency.
The Prime Minister said that Ayushmann Bharat Yojana is a completely new, interconnected scheme that will help build a healthy
He said that the recommendations of these sub-groups have been incorporated by various Ministries of the Union Government.
Shri Modi said that Shri Vajpayee is among the finest speakers of his country so far.
The Prime Minister said, I am very happy to be present at the closing ceremony of Narmada Saviya Yatra held in
He said that the National Highway Network in Uttar Pradesh has almost doubled in four years.
The next step in this movement should be to transform waste into a valuable source.
India has managed to improve its rating after a long wait.
My dear countrymen, the festival of Navratri is underway.
Our cultural partnership is growing.
State governments to be strict against those who are doing violence in the name of Gauraksha
The Pika Uprising was fought in Odisha in 1817 against the British Raj.
In a public meeting, the Prime Minister will unveil a plaque in honour of laying the foundation stone of Railway Coach
Various economic reform agendas of India including GST were appreciated.
The Prime Minister also stressed the importance of farmer productive organisations.
Even the average citizen, when he comes to this earth, has a different kind of divine feeling.
Recently, the Government of India has standardized the specifications for the rolling stock and signal system of Metro Rail.
57 NDRF teams, including 1,300 personnel and 435 sailors, have been deployed to search and rescue operations.
Not only that, we are the sixth largest renewable energy producer.
The meeting was attended by Gujarat Chief Minister Shri Vijay Rupani, other senior ministers and senior officials of State Government
I commend the Election Commission for its continuous efforts to strengthen our democracy.
Any request for increase will be considered by the State Government.
His strong innings in the semifinal will always be remembered.
I appealed to people to give books instead of giving each other flowers as a greeting.
In a short time, the new year of 2017 will begin.
Just a few days ago, India's brave daughter and farmer daughter Hima Das has made history by winning the gold medal in
7. Any other area of cooperation based on mutual decision.
This visit of President Temer provides an important opportunity to work in a planned manner.
These measures have led our economy to move forward on a fast path of development.
Record growth over the last two and a half years
Consumers are also being made aware through the Jago-Customer Jago campaign.
Under this scheme, more than 10 crore households will be provided health insurance of Rs 5 lakh per family per year.
Now electricity has reached every village in our country.
I am aware that the Sri Lankan Government is taking several active steps to improve your living standards, including a five-year National Action Plan
He recalled the event held by Bangladesh in New Delhi last year to honour Indian military personnel.
In his address to the country, the Prime Minister said, "I am saddened by the passing of Usad Hussain
I hope that this will help us to move forward.
You will be pleased to know that the productivity of Lok Sabha was 118% and Rajya Sabha was 74%.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate the redeveloped Teju Airport in Arunachal Pradesh.
Our players have made a name for themselves in different sports.
My dear countrymen, the Jan Ki Baat has been praised and criticized.
The interaction and exchanges between the citizens of both countries have always been the basis of our friendship.
Later, in 1945, when the struggle for independence took hold, he produced a revised copy of that idea.
GST will further accelerate efficiency in long-distance transport by removing physical barriers at the state borders.
Preparation of Security Dialogue to develop a comprehensive Action Plan on Security Cooperation
The MoU on proposed development of fertilizer plant in Malaysia and import of additional urea from Malaysia to India is a welcome development.
He praised the Ministry of AYUSH for setting up the All India Institute of Ayurveda.
The Government of India has also provided support to the activities of the Foundation.
To create world class universities in the field of education, we have taken a big step to break the bonds.
He said that Vietnam is an important pillar of India's Act East Policy.
The Prime Minister said that the people of Gujarat consider this the day after Diwali, the beginning of the new year.
Because Indonesia, the world's most populous Muslim country, stands for democracy, diversity, pluralism and social harmony.
The two sides stressed on maintaining cooperation between the National Institute of Railways and Transport (Wadodara) and the Russian Transport
For the first time since the Bhadlal-Kale of Azad, the triangle was flown on the 75th anniversary
Plastic is now becoming the greatest threat to humanity.
India is now one of the most preferred countries for investment in this sector.
His unprecedented contribution to the freedom struggle remains in our hearts.
We are proud of the decisions that have further strengthened women empowerment.
Tomorrow, today and tomorrow there will be a good coincidence that Yoga will have a new dimension.
He said the Government is focusing on increasing production through fast connectivity.
The Prime Minister said that every effort is being made to ensure a unique experience for the devotees who visit the semi-Kumbha.
It is an occasion to worship Mother Durga.
In society, sports are still considered a waste of time.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has expressed his condolences over the deaths in a bus accident in Mandya, Karnataka
This railway line will prove to be the gateway to Tripura for South and South East Asia.
At the same time, it is the country's important responsibility to protect its citizens.
This is in addition to the sum of Rs 100 crore announced by the Home Minister on 12 August 2018.
Just two days ago, I wrote a letter to all the governments and leaders of the world on Yoga Day.
The Prime Minister appealed to the people to provide assistance in registering the unorganized sector workers working in the vicinity.
Friends, our shared cultural and business heritage will be as strong in the future as the emotional ties between us.
The Prime Minister launched the virtual dedication of the statue by pressing a button.
The state of law and order is being closely monitored.
Both countries share a vibrant and growing relationship between people.
This will facilitate students interested in cinema from the North Eastern States.
